shall i play for you ?
pa rum pump um pum i have no gift for you .
pa rum pump um pum whassup !
just clearing my desk .
i can not concentrate .
it is all spilling over the edge .
one word , two syllable .
you can not do that .
i could fall and pierce an organ .
i have no problem with that .
i have been recommending downsizing since i first got here .
i even brought it up in my interview .
i say , bring it on .
I am assistant regional manager .
i should know first .
ok , um , can you just tell me please ?
just tell me quietly .
can you whisper it in my ear ?
do you want me to tell them ?
ok. you tell them .
on his mother 's grave .
pam , information is power .
dwight schrute , assistant regional manager .
uh ... yeah i got a '78 280z .
bought it for $ 1,200 .
it is now worth three grand .
new engine , new suspension , i got a respray .
I have got some photo .
he put my stuff in jell-of again .
that is real professional thanks .
that is the third time and it wa not funny the first two time either jim .
it is ok here , but people sometimes take advantage because it is so relaxed .
I am a volunteer sheriff 's deputy on the weekend .
and you can not screw around there .
that is sort of one of the rule .
that is my stapler .
ok you know what , you can be a witness .
can you reprimand him ?
it is always you .
are you going to discipline him or not ?
ok , that is great .
i guess what I am most concerned with is damage to company property .
I am sorry it make me nervous .
it is in a blind spot because I am trained in several martial art and one of them , uh , includes , uh , an awareness that the master bring , uh , of anything on all side of you .
it could be behind you or whatever .
this is directly in a blind spot , so I am trained to respond negatively to something right above my head .
this now i have an eye on .
you see , it is on my periphery and if i needed to block it , attack it , stop it somehow .
i could come right out .
i mean , i know you are doing your job , but ... documentary crew member : it is ... I am doing my job .
< /p > yes i do .
i should have done it week ago actually .
well , it should be .
a few of the ground rule ?
ok , can we steer away from gay people ?
it is an orientation .
it is not a race .
plus a lot of other race are intolerant of gay , so ... paradox .
i figured it would save time .
excuse me , I am sorry , but that is not all it take to be a hero .
a hero kill people , people that wish him harm .
a hero is part-human and part-supernatural .
a hero is born out of a childhood trauma , or out of a disaster that must be avenged .
we all have a hero in our heart .
lot of culture eat rice , doe not help me .
I would like to apply for a loan .
ok , do me .
something stereotypical so i can get it really quick .
I am australian , mate !
oh , man , am i a woman ?
solitaire is a one-player game .
it can not have two player .
what is your win rate ?
you are not allowed to play two-player .
you need to start over .
dunder mifflin , michael scott , diversity tomorrow , take four .
diversity tomorrow , take five .
and action ... light , camera , action .
whenever you are ready .
oh , man , am i a woman ?
it is not fair .
thank you very much .
so , am i a hunter gather culture ?
do i live near a harbor or an ocean ?
no , I am an inland .
am i a mountainous ?
okay , okay , okay , okay .
i think i got this .
um , i am treated in a foreign way with a great deal of prejudice .
am i one of those tribe in africa ?
the piggy , or whatever ?
but i am , i am human , right ?
i could be french .
damn it , jim !
that is not funny , jim !
i can do it .
I am your man .
ok , first , let u go over some parameter .
how many people can i fire ?
ok , we will table that for the time being .
two , I will need an office .
i think the conference room should be fine .
yes , i have an office .
ok , i take it back , it is a workspace .
what did i do ?
i did my job .
i slashed benefit to the bone .
i saved this company money .
wa i too harsh ?
i do not believe in coddling people .
in the wild , there is no health care .
in the wild , health care is , `` ow , i hurt my leg .
i can not run .
a lion eats me and I am dead . '' well , I am not dead .
I am the lion .
uh , knock , please .
this is an office .
just knock , please ?
a a sign of respect for your superior .
oh gee , then why do i have an office ?
and my decision in final .
aww , time are tough , pam .
do not need it .
i do not need them .
I am a schrute .
and superior brain power .
through concentration , i can raise and lower my cholesterol at will .
so i can lower it .
it is a great plan .
it save the company a fortune .
yeah , you said ... i can handle that .
it ha been brought to my attention that some of you are unhappy with my plan .
so what I would like you to do is to fill this out and write down any disease you have that you might want covered and I will see what i can do .
ok , well , i did not say to write your name down , did i ?
fill it out , leave it anonymous .
or , do not write any disease down at all and it will not be covered .
I will be in my office .
all right , who did this ?
I am not mad .
i just want to know who did it so i can punish them .
uh , someone forged , uh , medical information and that is a felony .
government-created killer nanorobot infection .
you did this , did not you ?
i know it wa you .
I will have to interview each and every one of you until the perpetrator make him or herself known .
and until that time , there will be no health care coverage for any one !
the problem , jim , is that people who are really suffering from a medical condition will not receive the care they need , because someone in this office is coming up with all this ridiculous stuff .
`` count choculitis '' why did you write that down jim ?
is it because you know i love count chocula ?
i think you need to confess ... ... the fact ... what are you doing ?
those are my key .
let ... let me out .
let me out or you are fired .
I am manager for the day .
clean out your desk .
uh , this is dwight schrute calling for jan levenson-gould .
dwight schrute calling , acting manager , scranton branch .
listen , i needed your permission to fire jim halpert .
well ... he is not here right now .
he put me in charge of the office .
that is not entirely true , because he put me in charge of picking the health care plan .
oh , hey , listen , um , since i have you on the phone , um , can i fire jim ?
oh , this is your cell , i thought this wa your ... michael .
i tried being rational , ok ?
the employee went crazy , i got no help from corporate .
that leaf me with no option .
I am now going to read out loud your submitted medical condition .
when you hear yours read , please raise your hand to indicate that it is real .
if you do not raise your hand , it will not be covered .
you have forfeited that privilege .
i have tried to treat you all a adult , but obviously i am the only adult here .
number one , inverted penis .
i thought your vagina wa removed during your hysterectomy ?
I will make sure that is covered .
who wrote this , hysterical one ?
yeah , but no one here ha it .
i most certainly did not .
oh , um ... jan want you to call her .
you came into my office voluntarily .
well , maybe they will not get slashed if you answer all my question .
well , have you ever seen the movie unbreakable ?
because that guy could not get sick , just like me .
i do not think so , no .
pam , jim , kevin , stanley .
pam , jim , kevin , stanley .
that wa ... unauthorized .
why do not you just go ahead and use roy 's health care plan , huh ?
but you are engaged .
are not you and maybe you have set a date for the wedding , hmm ?
and because you know you are going to get married you do not have to take our health care plan seriously .
you really expect me to believe you have not set a date ?
i think you have .
sure pam , sure .
but you know what , you have been engaged for three year and i know you have set a date .
and you know what else , i know you have got coverage under roy and i know that you wrote down those fake disease .
admit it , pam .
you wrote down ... i did not give you permission to .. i did not ... you are doing the right thing .
what 's your confession ?
you want to do this the hard way .
we will do this the hard way .
you wrote down those fake disease did not you ?
i know you did .
well , because i want to know who wrote those disease down .
you want you to take this pen and this piece of paper and write this down .
i , jim halpert ... ... confess to health care fraud .
i wanted to talk to you about the downsizing ?
i , but if there were , I would be protected a assistant regional manager ?
yeah , so i do not have to worry ?
do i need to be worried ?
it is a real shame , because study have shown that more information get passed through water-cooler gossip than through official memo .
which put me at a disadvantage , because i bring my own water to work .
i did not do it .
what do you mean ?
oh , the water cooler wa brought over here for ... maintenance .
so what do you guy hear ?
what is the scuttlebutt ?
hey , so listen , i wa thinking that it might be a good idea if you and i formed an alliance .
because of the downsizing ?
i think an alliance might be a good idea , you know .
help each other out .
do you want to form , an alliance , with me ?
excellent , ok. now we need to figure out who is vulnerable and who is protected ... did you get your ticket ?
there is one other thing and this is important .
let u keep this alliance totally a secret .
do not tell anyone .
listen , could i talk to you a second about the ... paper product ?
did you tell pam about the alliance ?
right , that is good , good , pursue this .
they seem awfully chummy , do not you think ?
only one way to find out .
i could tell , from the body language .
good , let them .
it help our because .
oh , they are forming an alliance damn it .
god ... damn it !
hey , you wanted to see me ?
i do not think she would be missed .
name , meredith palmer .
uh , personal information , divorced twice , two kid .
uh , employer , dunder mifflin paper incorporated .
award , multiple dundies .
she had a hysterectomy .
that is where they remove the uterus .
it could be kind of funny .
oh my god , we have to be there .
no no , yes there is .
i know exactly what to do .
I am a deer hunter .
i go all the time with my dad .
one thing about deer , they have very good vision .
one thing about me , i am better at hiding than they are ... at vision .
this is going to be perfect , ok ?
i can hear and see everything .
so tape it down .
look , i can breathe just fine .
ok , but if it make you feel better , I will poke hole in the box .
no , you need to go upstairs to the party so people do not notice we are both gone .
can i trust jim ?
i do not know .
do i have a choice ?
no , frankly , i do not .
will i trust jim ?
should i trust jim ?
i have absolutely no idea .
do i feel bad about betraying jim ?
that is the game .
convince him we are in an alliance , get some information , throw him to the wolf .
that is politics baby .
get what you can out of someone , then crush them .
i think jim might have learned a very valuable lesson .
identity theft happens all the time .
i can become you like that .
but no one can become me .
and if they did , they could not because I am password protected .
any employee may dispose a food item ... ... that risk contaminating the other food item .
read the official kitchen regulation memo .
uh , uh , not my problem .
okay , this is a paper factory not a bacteria factory .
uh , if they do not bobble , what is the point ?
god ... damn it !
I will stay for ten .
you wanted to see me ?
i do not think she would be missed .
name , meredith palmer .
uh , personal information , divorced twice , two kid .
uh , employer , dunder mifflin paper incorporated .
award , multiple dundies .
she had a hysterectomy .
that is where they remove the uterus .
it could be kind of funny .
hey meredith , where is your uterus ?
if i find a joke for you , will you grant me immunity ?
michael , can i talk to you , please ?
i think i should be on the team .
i apologized for that .
michael , i ... i can handle that .
and that is why you have an assistant regional manager .
so we need someone to work this saturday and i think that , that should be ... jim .
just trying to be helpful .
can i be team captain ?
can i be team manager ?
ok , we will see who is working this weekend then .
ok , we will be skin !
shirt on or off ?
here , give me that .
you have to break the interior bag .
michael , could i talk to you for a second , please ?
you know that is why you have an assistant regional manager .
please , have a seat .
okay , why not ?
i tell you what .
you give me a tape of your band and a tape of the steve miller band and I will get back to you .
would you like to have a vacation this year ?
that is what i thought .
yeah , i hear that .
this little baby might come in handy .
you ... oh , no it is not .
okay , check it out .
no , you are not because i spent hour on it .
okay , i will .
you will be back .
is not that crazy ?
I am a volunteer sheriff 's deputy .
lackawanna county say that it is okay for me to perform cpr , but for michael my lip are not qualified enough for his perfect little face .
I have almost had my nose broken a dozen time .
cock in the henhouse .
so am i. doe not matter .
the purse girl hit everything on my checklist .
not for me , for my child .
the schrutes produce very thirsty baby .
hmmm ... she is been talking to michael a lot .
assistant to the regional manager .
plus i can talk to her about the origin of my last name .
i do not want a purse .
purse are for girl .
okay , I am just going to use the bathroom , and then I am going ... it is actually better this way .
michael could i ask you something ?
i wanted to ask your permission to ask out katy .
i know it is against the rule and everything .
because ... thank you , michael .
i appreciate this so much .
is that all it is ?
just a ride home ?
please , i am your inferior and I am asking you this favor .
can you promise me that it will just be a ride home ?
you can not promise me , or you will not promise me ?
do you love her ?
hey , how is it going ?
can i talk to you for a second ?
it will just take a second .
just for a minute .
i wanted to talk to you in private because i wanted to ask you out on a date .
ok wa that no to talking to me in private , or wa that no to the date ?
so , I am betting that it is waterproof .
do you know the difference between a snake and an eel ?
because i could look it up real easily .
my belt 's made out of alligator .
i wa just showing her my belt .
not all the time .
i think it did .
it is a mini-briefcase .
it is in my purse .
mine are at home in a display case above my bed .
so , what is the joke ?
you are not perfect either .
so who are we laughing at ?
that is defacement of company property .
so you better tell me .
kelly , if you tell me , you will be punished le .
no , no , no , no ... ... no , no , no , no , it is not what you think .
no , why were you in there ? !
what were you doing in there ?
excuse me , everyone , could i have your attention please .
i just wanted to say that the woman in this office are terrible .
especially the one who wrote that stuff about michael on the bathroom wall .
having a bathroom is a privilege .
it is called a lady room for a reason .
and if you can not behave like lady , well then you are not going to have a bathroom .
we are going to have two men 's room .
be prepared to hold folk from 9 am to ... nnnnno , there need to be repercussion ... ... for people 's behavior .
and it is- yes !
welcome to the eighth annual dundies award .
before we get started , a few announcement .
keep your acceptance speech short , i have wrap it up music , and I am not afraid to use it .
the waitress tripped on the cord .
we do not have any girl from hr .
like an aid test ?
quick , quick , the woman is having a seizure .
grab her tongue , grab her tongue !
it is okay , I am a sheriff 's deputy .
do not get into that now .
we need something to cushion her head .
a cush- it is okay , I am going to use my shirt .
i can not- watch your step .
thanks , i had to , uh , check her pupil to make sure there wa not a concussion .
michael , i need to talk to you .
i just thought that you might like to know that someone ha written something about you on the lady ' room wall .
uh , no , no .
no , i think something bad , maybe .
by any mean necessary ?
it is the lady ' room .
angela , it is simple .
just tell me what the bathroom wall say .
I am not asking what you do in there .
i just want to know what is written about michael .
okay , I will talk .
you nod if i get it right .
doe it have to do with his butt or his wiener ?
no , no , no .
it is not what you think .
I am on official business .
this is dunder mifflin ... no .
phyllis , you are not ... phyllis , no .
phyllis , no , no .
do not listen to her .
she is out of her mind .
that is not true .
that is totally unfair .
i wa just in the lady ' room in order to spy .
what do you think , phyllis ?
you think i followed you in there ?
like , `` oh good .
phyllis is going to the bathroom , so maybe i get to see her naked from the waist down . '' I am not even attracted to you .
yeah , you know me .
yeah , you know me .
foster in the big can .
just a chocolate shake , chocolate sprinkle .
jim , not now !
we need to cushion her head .
jim , do not interfere .
can you give me a second , sir .
i am a sheriff 's deputy .
i could have my men in here in a second and have you arrested .
pam , are you all right ?
how many finger am i holding up ?
you need to calm down .
so the monkey doe the sex thing right here !
do you want the link because then you could forward it around ?
you said that we could come to you if we had any question .
where is the clitoris ?
on a website , it said at the crest of the labium .
what doe that mean ?
what doe the female vagina look like ?
they should bring the stock back .
people 'd obey the law , there would be le troublemaker .
you have your lawyer there ?
can i be your representative ?
i think i should be there .
i can make sure thing are up to code .
please , I am always the guy you rely on at work .
so you are taking a personal day ?
please , I will make you proud .
i have been michael 's # 2 guy for about 5 year .
and we make a great team .
we are like one of those classic famous team .
he is like mozart , and I am like mozart 's friend .
I am like butch cassidy , and michael is like mozart .
you try and hurt mozart ; you are going to get a bullet in your head courtesy of butch cassidy .
what kind of shock you got on this baby ?
i want to put the top down .
but then no one can see u .
which one 's yours ?
this is smaller than your old place .
actually , i do own property .
my grandfather left me a 60 acre working beet farm .
i run it with my cousin , mose .
we sell beet to local store and restaurant .
it is a nice little farm .
sometimes teenager use it for sex .
we have a couple of question , about the neighborhood .
let u go check out the master bedroom .
no , no , no , no , no .
this is a shared wall .
neighbor throw his wife into the wall , plasma screen hit the floor .
warrantee do not cover it , plus they are a rip-off .
can you hear that ?
these baby are thin .
what kind of mortgage did you get ?
ho , thirty year .
wow , you will be paying this off in your mid-seventies .
forget about retiring when you are 65. hey , I have got an idea .
you know that extra bedroom ?
if the whole girlfriend thing never happens , that is where the nurse can live .
well , this is it .
we will be here waiting for you .
a thirty year mortgage at michael 's age essentially mean that he is buying a coffin .
if i were buying my coffin , i would get one with thicker wall so you could not hear the other dead people .
can you imagine those poor sap stuck at the office today ?
you did not have to ... i do not even know what to say .
where can i put my terrarium ?
it is a fish tank for snake and lizard .
my grandparent left me a large number of armoire .
what about carpooling , who pay for the gas ?
can sometimes i drive your car and you drive mine ?
who is the primary on the fire insurance ?
it wa nice of him to offer , but i live in a nine bedroom farm house .
i have my own crossbow range .
it is a perfect situation for me .
although two bathroom would have been nice , we just have the one .
and it is under the porch .
you know you can always refinance your mortgage .
we had a 15 year on our beet farm .
we paid it off early .
let u get this roof going .
what is going on ?
that is my stopwatch .
what did you do to it ?
what did you do to it ?
god , what a steal .
doe it have a deck ?
have you seen it ?
doe it have a deck ?
okay , so i called in a favor to my buddy at the police department .
um , these are the crime statistic for the surrounding square mile over the past four year .
two charge of loitering , one noise complaint , several speeding ticket .
do you own a gun ?
I would think about it .
hi , i am dwight schrute , mr. scott 's associate .
i have got a couple of question about the neighborhood .
have you had any problem with prostitution , crack dealing , gang violence , etcetera ?
fill it full of cotton or soundproof insulation .
seal it off with drywall so you do not hear yo-yo ma over there all the time .
you do not even have a girlfriend .
well , that depends on how old she is .
what if your girlfriend is 55 ?
if you fall in love with her .
michael 's in there right now evaluating the temp .
he ha not evaluated me in year .
michael and i have a very special connection .
he is like batman , I am like robin .
he is like the lone ranger , and I am like tonto .
and it is not like there wa the lone ranger , and tonto , and bonto .
this is not a test !
move to the exit !
head towards the exit .
get up off your desk !
no , panic is warranted !
this is not at drill !
please , move quickly !
this is a paper company , people !
this whole place is a tinder box , it is ready to blow !
this is not a test !
can you leave ? !
do you want to die ?
do you want to die ?
have you ever seen a burn victim ?
move to the exit !
we have got smoke !
we have got smoke !
I have got you !
cover your nose and mouth .
breathe through your nose .
breathe through your nose .
they will melt right into your flesh !
stay below the smoke line .
clear out , stat !
okay , guy , listen up , we need a head count .
we need to count off .
michael 's number one .
um ... ryan need his number for the count off .
okay , he can have 14. marjory 's not here today .
oh , you know what else ?
i thought of a nickname for the three of u .
that is funny , too .
but if we are the three musketeer ... hey guy , great response time .
listen up , i got some theory .
okay , there is a ... okay .
great , that is going to keep you warm for like 7 second .
question : is there fire wood on the island ?
then i would bring an axe , no book .
physician 's desk reference .
... hollowed out , inside : waterproof match , iodine tablet , beet seed , protein bar , nasa blanket , and , in case i get bored , harry potter and sorcerer 's stone .
no , harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban .
question : did my shoe come off in the plane crash ?
is this your car , ryan ?
keep an existing ... yeah , but look , i mean , he did not need business school .
okay , michael come from the school of hard knock .
you did not even go to college .
I am studying with the master , huh ?
you should learn from him , right ?
why did not i go to business school ?
yeah , it is all him and michael talk about anymore .
he doe not even know that i do that .
oh yeah , pam .
that is going to help thing , just talk it out .
i hope the war go on forever and ryan get drafted .
I am sorry i said that , i did not ... just part of me meant it .
besides , he would end up being a hero anyway .
oh jim , I am not going to quit .
i just need some alone time .
would that make you happy ?
if you had your cell phone , it would make you happy ?
I am on it .
uh , i have an announcement .
apparently , in business school , they do not teach you how to operate a toaster oven .
because some smart , sexy temp left his cheese pita on oven instead of timing it for the toaster thing .
that is exactly what i said .
i have a song .
that i want to sing .
that i wrote especially for this occasion when i wa up there among the flame .
ryan started the fire !
it wa always burning since the world 's been turning !
you got to eat it .
you have to eat it !
answer me this , though .
wa it worth it ?
wa it worth it temp ?
joe mccarthy , richard nixon , studebaker , television , north korea , south korea , marilyn monroe , ryan started the fire !
oh , my god .
ryan is going to love these .
that is so cool .
plus you can go , `` rule five , see rule six .
rule six , see rule five . '' kill or be killed .
shoot to kill , or kill to shoot .
you could ask for an extension .
oh , nothing much .
what is up with you ?
good , I am good , too .
how is it cracking ?
you know what you would love ?
gun n ' rose .
when i wa your age , i loved gun n ' rose .
do you like gun n ' rose ?
I will make you a tape .
I will make you two tape .
I have got a couple of shirt that do not fit so well anymore .
I will bring them by .
okay , see you later .
what is that ? !
what are you supposed to be ?
yeah , well look ... what about me ?
i am a sith lord .
three round piece of paper taped to a shirt .
this cost me 129 dollar .
wait , what are you again ?
oh , right ... three-hole punch !
one of the warehouse guy .
who is he saying ?
no , not me .
i know that is what he said .
tell him , not dwight .
tell him to stop .
make him be quiet .
stanley , could you come with me , please .
a assistant regional manager ... look !
I have got some bad news .
you need to pack up your thing and go .
I am serious , stanley .
he would not listen to me if you want to fire him , you are going to have to tell him yourself .
and how did you get my resume ?
oh no , no .
I am very flattered .
do not get me wrong .
I am just not sure that it is my official resume or if it is something that maybe a satisfied customer posted online .
what doe it say under martial art training ?
okay , I am going to have to supplement that .
could i have your fax number ?
would i ever leave this company ?
look , I am all about loyalty .
in fact , i feel like part of what I am getting paid for here is my loyalty .
but , if there were somewhere else that valued that loyalty more highly , I am going wherever they value loyalty the most .
so you got the fax ?
so why did not you add it to the re ... ?
what do you mean ?
of course martial art training is relevant .
oh , excuse me !
i know about a billion asian that would beg to differ .
uh , yeah , i get a little frustrated when I am dealing with incompetence .
well , you know what ?
you can go to hell , too .
and i will see you there ... burning .
okay ... oh wait !
so you will let me know when you have made a decis ... this is called leveraging an offer .
michael , can i talk to you for a moment ?
i just thought you should know that i wa just offered a job with better pay , better benefit and a better title at cumberland mill .
and i turned it down .
out of loyalty to this company ... ... so i wa hoping to be made assistant regional manager officially .
but then you would not have me here .
it is in maryland .
i ... i suppose i coul ... no .
they never really made me an offer anyway .
here , pussy , pussy .
where is my desk ?
this is not funny .
this is totally unprofessional .
i did not lose my desk .
okay , who moved my desk ?
ok , i am going to tell michael and this entire office will be punished !
jim , I have given you this information , like , twenty time .
it is by the ream ?
... now , $ 9.78 , sign and discount 7 % .
wash your hand , kevin .
sensei , hello it is sempai ... dwight ... yes , i just had a ques- ... yes sensei .
no , that wa my sensei .
i am now sempai , which is assistant sensei .
i am a practitioner of goju ru karate , here in scranton .
my sensei , ira , recently promoted me to purple belt , and gave me the duty of a sempai .
not that a lot of people here in america know what a sempai is , but it is equally a respected a a sensei .
the way they are programmed ... you are mocking me .
look , I am going to offer you a little piece of advice .
I am not afraid to make an example out of you .
ok , give that back to me .
that is not a toy .
this is not a toy .
this is a message to the entire office so they can see that i am capable of physically dominating them .
no woman or child , unless provoked .
because we are friend .
what belt are they ?
michael , i told you , it wa because it wa new year 's eve and it began to snow at exactly midnight .
ok , I will punch you .
did i want to harm michael ?
the one man I have been hired to protect ?
no , i did not .
i come from a long line of fighter .
my maternal grandfather wa the toughest guy i ever knew .
world war ii veteran .
killed 20 men then spent the rest of the war in an allied prison camp .
my father battled blood pressure and obesity all his life .
different kind of fight .
take this pen and stab me with it .
now watch , let me take you from behind .
i did not sucker punch you , michael .
in case you remember , i wa defending my honor ... like a samurai .
give it your best shot .
no , i would block your first punch rendering it ineffective .
no , it is free during the day .
I have got the key .
it wa my pant .
no , stop it !
i need to change my emergency contact information from michael scott .
just put `` the hospital . '' contact number : just put 9-1-1 . I am busy .
michael , i do not know ... i can handle it .
so i guess this will just be my office .
I will have pam send out a memo .
michael , i have so much to learn from you .
thank you , sensei .
whoa , whoa , whoa .
sorry , just one second .
okay , i just ... it is a sale call .
i can ... yes , sensei .
do i feel bad that i have not bonded with the other student ?
no , I am not there to make friend .
I am there to attack people .
unless he ha a shiv , in which case it would not be a fair fight .
no woman or child .
you just said it .
you just said it .
you just ... you said it .
i guess she is technically the senpai .
but nobody really respect her .
the only reason she got into regionals wa because her competition wa a bunch of 13-year-old girl .
put me in that division .
let u see how she doe .
good luck , michael .
good luck , january ok , you guy should not be doing this .
you took something that doe not belong to you .
brought it in here- made copy of it- not now !
ok , what are they ?
not in a thousand year , catherine .
and get off my desk !
yes , i have acted before .
i wa in a production of `` oklahoma '' in the seventh grade .
i played the part of mutey the mailman .
they had too many kid , so they made up role like that .
if it is not my old partner , samuel l. chang .
thank you for noticing .
now keep me company for one more mission .
yes , perhaps i would , goldenface .
sam , get my luggage .
samuel , you are such an idiot , you are the worst assistant ever .
and you are disgusting , dwigt .
wait , who is dwigt ?
d-w-i-g-h-t. ok , you know what ?
i am done with this .
that is it , the end .
uh , you do not speak for everyone , jim .
my uncle bought me some firework .
anyone who want to see a real show , come with me outside now .
his car 's not in the parking lot .
i should check the accident report .
did you do her ?
did you do her ?
and she is your bos .
a kick and a chop are two totally different thing .
it doe not make any sense .
you should get one of these .
do you even know what this is ?
it is a fitness orb and it ha completely changed my life .
forget everything you thought you knew about ab workout .
this ab workout is specifically designed to strengthen your core .
numerous health benefit , strengthens your back , better performance in sport , more enjoyable sex .
plus , improves your reflex see , i would have caught that .
it is only twenty-five buck .
oh , hey , listen , jim .
here is a little tip for your performance review .
tell michael that we should be stocking more of the double-tabbed manila file folder .
oh , yes , we do .
yeah , it is a new product .
so , you should just suggest that to him and he will be sure to give you a raise .
uh , that is so stupid .
what if he give it to you ?
ugh , you know what ?
i am going to zone you out for the rest of today .
i need to stay focused , and i do not have to see you tomorrow or sunday and please do not call me , and we will see how thing go on monday .
who did he fire ?
no , i went out and got drunk with my laser tag team last night .
i never go out on a thursday night ; what the hell wa i thinking ?
what should we do to prepare for y2k ?
you need to do something about your b.of .
you need- to do something about- yeah , who want to come in on a saturday ?
`` do not sleep with your bos '' ?
do you think this is referring to you boning jan ?
you are giving me this raise !
i deserve this raise !
the least you can do is keep my salary consistent with inflation !
why are you going to give me this raise ?
because ... I am awesome !
I am sorry , am i interrupting ?
oh god ; were you guy making out ?
i am ready for my performance review .
uh , wait , i would like to discus my raise ?
that is an excellent question .
thank you for asking .
let me bring up one word : dedication .
i have never been late .
also , i have never missed a day due to illness .
even when i had walking pneumonia .
i even come in on holiday .
i have a copy of your key .
I would also further like to talk about my merit in the workplace .
for instance , the time i brought in deer jerky for the whole office .
jan , have you ever had deer ?
it is a delicacy .
and you know what ?
it is an aphrodisiac .
so when we are done here , you guy could go over to the antler lodge , sample some deer and talk about my raise .
and in conclusion , i think that lex luthor said it best when he said `` dad , you have no idea what I am capable of '' .
and that is why , i feel , that i deserve this raise .
no , you do not .
this is a visual aid for my performance review .
budget is tight , and if anyone is getting a raise , it is going to be a fight to the death .
and i intend on winning that fight .
`` dwight : determined , worker , intense , good worker , hard worker , terrific .
dwight . '' that is a total waste of your `` m. '' yeah .
yeah , magnificent worker , marvelous worker , more money for this worker .
man , i like this worker .
doe it specify which windshield ?
this ought to be good .
oh , no , no .
it is on the miata .
what doe it say ?
let u get back to this .
`` do not sleep with your bos . '' do you think this is referring to you boning jan ?
there is one more suggestion .
`` way to go man , jan 's really hot . '' look , we are twin .
bet you i got mine for le than yours .
getting a little something that calm the nerve ?
for the performance review .
oh , wait , you do not get one .
you are a temp .
why would michael give you one before me ?
how did it go ?
ok , I am sorry .
what is going on in there ?
why is he here ?
what are you doing ?
you have to tell me .
look , michael , i know you do not want to have to think about this , but if something were to happen to you , god forbid , then i would need to know in order to take over .
yeah , but that doe not matter , you could get a brain aneurysm- or get hit by a car- or a bus or a train .
get poisoned , fall in a well , step on a mine , choke .
so it is true ?
you have access to our e-mail ?
oh hey , just so ya know , if you have a lot of sensitive e-mail , they need to be deleted immediately .
doe he have access to their medical record ?
i think one of the greatest thing about modern america is the computerization of medical record .
a a volunteer sheriff , i can look up anyone 's psychiatric record or surgical history .
there are a huge number of yeast infection in this county .
probably because we are down river from that old bread factory .
question : on the internet there are several different option to get to your house for the party tonight- i wa wondering- why ?
who doe not know ?
oh , that is perfect !
i can not- tonight .
unfortunately , I have got plan .
i have to go to practice .
whatever it is that you are doing , and I will see you monday .
he ha no idea !
you really think this is a good idea , huh ?
you do not work with u .
yeah , i always keep an extra set in the car , for special occasion .
jim , come here .
when is the guest of honor coming ?
he is going to love it !
where is your tie ?
what is going on , michael .
what is going on ?
the most important one of the guy .
that is exactly the point .
you have hit a slump .
it happens to the best of u .
you just have to remember , you know- where you come from , and who you are .
you know , you have worked so hard for this .
you are the bos ; you can buy and sell u with just a snap of your little finger .
jim , this is hardly the time .
and their king bee .
i got a splinter .
I have got it leveraged .
one , two , three .
you guy should use a hand truck .
michael , i would like to be the elf .
okay , everybody listen up !
it is time to get your present , wrap them , and place them under the tree like so .
if you do not get your present wrapped and under the tree within the next five minute you will be disqualified from secret santa .
no exception except michael .
secret santa , let u go .
stanley , no , I am going to handle the cord .
okay , safety reason .
i want to do it .
hey , i could get some flare from my car .
first present , oscar .
let u keep it moving on .
all right , next .
we do not do anything until michael give u further instruction .
yes , now you can steal the oven mitt , the old shirt or the shower radio or pick a new gift .
angela , you are up .
okay , moving along .
meredith , let u go .
it is already been stolen this round .
you and me , michael .
i never said it wa better than an ipod .
michael keep bragging about his ipod , but you know what ?
two paintball lesson with someone a experienced a i am is worth easily , like , 2 grand .
take that , saddam !
pam , steal something or pick the final gift .
i want the teapot .
yankee swap is like machiavelli meet ... christmas .
`` a real man make his own luck . '' billy zane .
< i > titanic. < /i > no .
I am going to use it .
but i get sinus infection , and sinus infection can be cured by making your tea from green tea leaf stem .. .. and pouring it directly into your nose , like so .
this is so awesome .
oh , hello there .
but what are you doing ?
you should not do thing like that .
the man is supposed to do that .
okay , well , you did not tell me that .
now , he will not be allowed in unless we register him on this list .
do i look like I am kidding ?
phyllis , stag , i assume .
what separate human from jungle beast ?
the fact that we have rule .
when human give each other gift , they do it properly and orderly .
when bear give each other gift they just rip open a fox carcass and present it to their mate .
i prefer the human way .
this is not funny .
why is my stuff in here ?
yeah , well , I am not paying for my own stuff , okay ?
i know you did this , because you are friend with the vending machine guy .
yeah , steve , whatever his name is .
no , no , no , no , no .
that is my pencil cup .
uh , i think so , and you are going to hand it over to me .
where is my wallet ?
but i do not have any ... five , ten , fifteen , twenty , twenty-five ... good morning , michael .
aye aye , captain .
me , me , me .
i wa the youngest pilot in pan am history .
when i wa four , the pilot let me ride in the cockpit and fly the plane with him .
and i wa four .
and i wa great .
and i would have landed it , but my dad wanted u to go back to our seat .
what do you do with a drunken sailor ?
what do you do with a drunken sailor ?
what do you do with a drunken sailor early in the morning ?
do you want u to run aground , woman ? !
you should be the motivational speaker .
he give me real responsibility , michael .
he is let me steer the ship for the last hour .
captain jack say you should look at the moon .
do not worry , michael .
I am taking u to shore .
oh , oh , can i be the first mate ?
hey , captain jack , what kind of fish they got in this lake ?
you know , my grandfather told me there wa a monster here that eats catholic .
have you heard ... if the hull is breached for any reason or the boat is overtaken , i am a volunteer sheriff 's deputy , and you can count on me .
my turn , my turn .
is this thing on ?
uh , i want to congratulate the happy couple .
you know , they say that marriage is an institution .
and i say , who want to be in an institution ?
what is going on ?
what is going on ?
I am coming michael !
I am going to save you !
hey , pam , I am assistant regional manager , and i can take care of him .
part of my duty are to .
no , i did not .
what is wrong with < i > you < /i > ?
aw , man , is that a prism duro-sport ?
yeah , they are like an i-pod only they are better because they are chunkier and more solid .
oh , no no no .
do not go there .
i know this russian website where you can download song for two cent a piece .
yeah , I will write down the address for you .
only , the only thing is , is that all the song are in russian .
why would they all be ... ?
ok , see you later , pan .
these cover are totally indestructible .
i promise it will not break .
oh no , it is broken .
no , it is fine .
i told you it would not break .
you could throw it all day long .
do you like candy ?
because you are sweeter than candy .
uh , ugh , ohhhh ... i want michael to take me ... choo choo choo choo choo choo ... vietnam sound .
tired ... want to take a rake ... .
ok , pam , thanks .
you are the best .
it smell like chicken soup .
i have to go to the hospital .
I will be back , i mean ... why ?
aw , pam , you are adorable oh , huggy hug .
where are we going ?
where are we going ?
i found it under the seat .
you can not fire me , i do not work in this van !
mmmmm ... my eye !
mweehaa what is that ?
that is what she said .
i do not want to do this .
constructing a home-made cast ?
like in the pioneer time , if you lost a leg , they would then use the bone of the leg for a cane .
into a machine ? !
ok. uh , that is bad , will you stay with me ?
ok , will you please call my cousin mose ?
how are you doing ?
meredith , men 's room .
make sure you replace the urinal cake .
they are worn down .
oscar is out sick .
can i do some of the talking ?
ok , let him know that I am here .
ask him his symptom .
I am on web m.d .
which is exactly how you would want to sound like if you wanted someone to think you were sick .
i am conducting a little investigation so I am no longer going to be able to head up spring cleaning .
do you think you can handle it ?
do you < i > think < /i > ?
or do you < i > know < /i > ?
oh god , here .
hey oscar how ya doing ?
listen a little question for you , buddy .
i called six minute ago and no one answered .
so i wa wondering if you could explain .
oh , i see , so .
sound like you are too sick to come into work but your well enough to go to the pharmacy .
there are several different way to tell if a perp is lying .
the liar will avoid direct eye contact .
the liar will cover part of his or her face with his hand , especially the mouth .
the liar will perspire .
unfortunately i spoke to oscar on the phone so none of this is useful .
ok , what is going on here ?
oh , really nothing ?
fact : you are drinking grape soda .
you never drink grape soda .
fact : you are talking to jim .
you never talk to jim .
ok. so what is the secret michael ?
i know your telling the truth .
i will not let you down .
who took all the black one ?
so , how did oscar sound when he called in ?
ok , good , thank you .
that wa not so hard now wa it ?
i have conducted interview with everyone in the office .
a a volunteer sheriff 's deputy i have been doing surveillance for year .
one time i suspected an ex-girlfriend of mine of cheating on me .
so i tailed her for six straight night .
turn out she wa , with a couple of guy actually so ... mystery solved .
stay low ... this is it ... there he is .
he is been gone for at least two hour .
come to papa ... oh yes .
you are so busted .
ice skate , shopping bag ?
i think i know what is going on here .
you were not sick at all .
this is dwight schrute .
i do not tell michael and in exchange you owe me one great big giant favor .
redeemable by me at a time and place of my choosing .
guess what i found out about oscar tonight ?
he wa lying about being sick .
should i have reported oscar 's malfeasance .
hmm , probably , but now i know something he doe not want me to know .
so i can use his malfeasance to establish leverage .
otherwise , it is just malfeasance for malfeasanceses-ses sake .
he totally miss , interception .
he shoot , he score , yeah !
michael , try it like this .
this 'll be much harder .
oh , man , it is really back there .
i can barely ... should i clean out my desk ?
if they are the worker bee , you are the queen bee .
well , I would hate to see it blow up in your face .
let u table that .
so , temp ... you seem to be pretty close to this oscar .
you seem a little nervous .
you should not be .
it is still stinky .
she probably scrubbed it < i > into < /i > the fiber of the carpet .
ha ha ha ... the old bullpen .
and who had your office ?
that guy mile who quit to form his own company ?
i thought he wa out on the road .
should we help them pick up their stuff ?
hello , am i the 107th caller ?
hello , rock 107. am i the 107th caller ?
hell , rock 107. am i the 107th caller ?
I am totally going to win u that box set .
jethro tull ... i need to make a sale call .
am i the 107th caller ?
it is so on !
michael is going to wipe the floor with u !
but you are the one who picked today .
excellent , good , good .
well , our truck is going out first thing tomorrow morning .
you are the one who trained me , michael .
you most certainly did not .
what can i do better ?
I am not good at joke .
my cousin mose told me a joke .
yes , howard gruber , please .
yes , and you are my favorite client .
listen , I am calling you to tell you a little joke .
what is black and white and red and can not think ?
a nun who ha a beet for a head .
... no , I am catholic , too .
if i wa offensive in any way , i ... humor work in ... ... crazy way .
I am going to pas you off to my supervisor .
hold on one second .
it is howard gruber .
that is not true .
he is my best customer .
but that is my sale .
this is my sale , michael !
it is a terrible idea .
them in there all together .
if they stay in there too long they are going to get on the same cycle .
wreak havoc on our plumbing .
we could do it in the warehouse .
remember on lost when they met the others ?
michael want u to bond so we need topic for conversation .
yeah and then they make you drive them to church the next morning .
like `` gas are not free ! '' not literally .
i got a spudgun in my car .
shoot a chuck of potato at your face , 80 psi , bon appetit !
i got a spudgun in my car .
shoot a chuck of potato at your face , 80 psi , bon appetit !
and you want me to come with you .
i will stay here and run thing on this end .
will you be seeing jan when you are in new york ?
well ... it is valentine 's day , and you guy , you know ... screwed .
yeah , but who put it here ?
and for what purpose ?
happy valentine 's day .
I am the bobble head .
did you hear , somebody rocked the house and got me the best present I have ever gotten .
oh , i bet you will before the day is over .
hi , how ya doing ?
listen , uh may i speak with you ... privately ?
no , pam , just .
yes , and the reason i did not get anything for this particular person - who shall remain nameless - is that she is not really the kind of person you would think would be into valentine 's day .
she is kind of ... exactly .
you mean , like a ham ?
ok , i get it .
ok , shut up .
i know exactly what to do .
woman are like wolf .
if you want a wolf , you have to trap it .
you have to snare it .
and then you have to tame it .
lovingly , the way an animal deserves to be loved .
and my animal deserves a lot of loving .
come on , break this up .
none of your business .
I am writing something .
I will look it up myself .
no , you know what ?
uh , yes , I am in charge .
I will do it .
but you are getting written up .
they are either going to say yes ... or no .
they are having a sale on tivo .
maybe i should get a tivo .
maybe i should get one of those .
you are so lucky , jim .
you are so lucky you do not have this problem .
what wa the 9th place prize again ?
a loaf of bread ?
tasty , terrific pizza .
question : do their pizza play dvd ?
i do not get it .
well , it is not really a big speech .
you still coming right ?
what if i give a really long , extended thank you .
for instance , `` thank you , mr. blank .
thank you very , very , very ... '' when i wa in the sixth grade , i wa a finalist in our school spelling bee .
it wa me against raj patel .
and i misspelled , in front of the entire school , the word 'failure ' .
i can not do this .
I will do whatever you say .
I will try and think of one .
when ... is that an insult or is that part of the public speaking advice ?
saleswoman ha a vagina .
but I am right ?
do you remember the speech that you gave ?
could i have a copy of one of them ?
that is so great about the bonus !
may i have your attention please ?
there ha been an accident on 84 west .
car have skidded off the road into the safety railing .
several car have flipped .
there is broken glass everywhere .
several people are injured .
also there will be no bonus .
he will never act again .
also , this branch is closing .
good morning , vietnam !
this is not working .
because um I am not nervous in front of them .
they are my subordinate .
uh , yes you are .
I am assistant regional manager .
michael , can you explain ?
i can travel anywhere except cuba .
and i will travel to new zealand .
and walk the 'lord of the ring ' trail to mordor .
and then i will hike mount doom .
so ... no ... just leave me alone .
you are not taking any trip .
I will glance at it .
thank you , angela .
no , i can not ... i ca ... blood alone move the wheel of history !
have you ever asked yourselves in an hour of meditation , which everyone find during the day .
how long we have been striving for greatness ?
not only the year we have been at war , the war of work , but from the moment a a child when we realized that the world could be conquered .
it ha been a lifetime 's struggle .
i say to you and you will understand that it is a privilege to fight !
salesman of northeastern pennsylvania , i ask you once more rise and be worthy of this historical hour !
no revolution is worth anything unless it can defend itself .
some people will tell you salesman is a bad word .
they will conjure up image of used car dealer and door to door charlatan .
this is our duty - to change their perception .
i say salesman ... and woman of the world unite !
we must never acquiesce for it is together , together , that we prevail !
we must never cede control of the motherland !
for it is ... ok , thanks .
i wish you would have been there .
well , do you think i should describe our filing system ?
i do not follow .
two sailor walk into a bar ... oh , why not ?
oh , no , i do not think this is it .
oh , yeah , i read about that .
the entire cast of battlestar galactica is going to be here , including starbuck .
I am so in love with her .
no , no , no .
it is totally normal , because she is not a cylon or anything .
she is just a great human fighter pilot .
if i see her , my heart will explode .
mmm ... hello tiny one .
you are the future !
there is no way that hurt .
come on , i do not have all day .
i do not feel anything .
you are so weak .
uh , excuse me , these are expensive collector 's item , okay ?
no , i do not have computer game on my work computer .
that would be innappropriate .
you call your mom meredith ?
that is very disrespectful .
you can refer to me a mister schrute .
a traditional english ballad about the beheaded anne boleyn .
and now , a very special treat ... a book my grandmutter used to read me when i wa a kid .
this is a very special story , it is called struwwelpeter , by heinrich hoffman from 1864. the great tall tailor always come to little girl that suck their thumb -- are you listening , sasha ?
and 'ere they dream when he is about , he take his great sharp scissors out , and then cut their thumb clean off !
there is a photo ... these are cautionary tale for kid , my grandmata used to read these -- nazi wa a fascist movement ... ... from the 1930 's ... i wa going to teach the child how to make corn-husk doll .
we have better service than they do !
is that a real fun shooting windmill ?
and he < i > is < /i > on tv now !
but first , that is not my name .
well at least I am not a horrible little latchkey kid who got suspended from school .
so ... and they do , your parent , love you very much .
the schrutes consider child very valuable .
in the olden day , the woman would bear many child , so we would have enough laborer to work the field .
and if it wa an especially cold winter , and there were not enough grain or vegetable , they would eat the weakest of the brood .
they did not eat the child .
oh , i hate to break it to you , abby .
the certificate 's a fake .
it is not real .
where is the certification number , halpert ?
there he is , the birthday boy !
that suit is amazing .
maybe i should get one .
may i be in charge of the party planning festivity ?
on my part , i did manage to reserve the ... let u get the party started .
party planning committee , listen up .
michael would like trick candle for his birthday cake , so make that a priority .
here is a list of thing that michael would like to be surprised by .
yes , but he doe not want to know when , or whom .
it is 'for the longest time , ' by william joel .
it is you favorite song .
i probably care more than she doe .
uh , that is a list price of four dollar and fifty cent .
unfortunately , this item is on back ... order ... michael !
come here , come here , come here !
it is 11:23 exactly , the exact moment when you emerged from your mother 's vaginal canal , so ... huh ? !
right , have a seat .
there is a tradition that the hebrew have of hoisting the birthday boy up on a chair .
so come help me celebrate michael 's birth moment .
on three , we are going to hoist away !
happy birth moment , michael .
oscar ... okay , that is < i > not < /i > an eight foot sub .
f. alright , what is the damage ?
thirty nine ... sixty .
why tip someone for a job I am capable of doing myself ?
i can deliver food .
i can drive a taxi .
i can , and do , cut my own hair .
i did , however , tip my urologist , because ... i am unable to pulverize my own kidney stone .
come and get it !
uh , bologna , tomato and ketchup .
hey temp , you know uh , we still got five foot of sandwich left .
save room for ice cream cake .
this is the most important day of the year .
i can not risk anything .
what about that meeting ... later ... to discus finance ?
but what if I am hungry ?
pam wa supposed to get them .
where have you been ?
and do not say the bathroom , because i kicked in all the stall .
please , do not .
I will get someone to take it down .
michael 's birthday is hard for me because he get very excited .
but he is also under a lot of pressure , which build up until he is ready to explode .
a his right-hand man , it is my job to release that pressure so that he can enjoy himself , if only for a moment .
to think that a man 's skin could turn on him .
it is brilliant , because you would never expect it .
most people think of their skin a an ally .
make me rethink having skin at all .
kevin malone , you are next .
spit ... okay , come on , let u go .
let u go over some of the symptom of marijuana use , shall we ?
you tell me who this sound like : slow moving , inattentive , dull , constantly snacking , show a lack of motivation .
i like the people i work with generally , with four exception .
but someone committed a crime and i did not become a lackawanna county volunteer sheriff 's deputy to make friend .
and by the way , i have not .
this is not kelly kapoor story hour .
illegal drug were consumed on company property , okay ?
your as is on the line , mister !
my as is is on the line !
now I am going to ask you again .
what time did you go home last night ?
i did not know that you were at a party on saturday night .
okay , I am going to need to search your car .
give me you key .
do not make me do this the hard way .
i go down to the police station on my lunch break .
i tell a police officer , i know several , what i suspect you may have in your car .
he request a hearing from a judge and obtains a search warrant , once he ha said warrant , he will drive over here , and make you give him the key to your car , and you will have to obey him .
i can not stop this investigation .
it is my job .
i volunteered for this job .
it is my duty ... ... to investigate the crime scene .
i have six more interview to go and then i will reveal what i know .
if you are attempting to compliment me then you have done a very good job .
well , you have ... ... because being a narc is one of the hardest job that you can have ... ... and i am very proud of being a narc .
oscar visited mexico when he wa five to attend his great-grandmother 's funeral .
what doe that mean to a united state law enforcement officer ?
he is a potential drug mule .
have you ever taken any illegal drug ?
do you think it is possible that maybe you could have had some drug in your system without you knowing about it ?
have you ever ... pooped ... a balloon ?
he sure left in a hurry .
i do not want to blow this .
this is what all good law enforcement officer dream of .
the chance to solve an actual crime .
do you know what this is ?
how do you know that ?
no , it is marijuana .
that is ridiculous , of course it wa not me .
that is not how it work .
knock it off , okay , I am interviewing you .
i know you are innocent , but i can not look like I am treating you any differently .
where were you yesterday after work ?
drug tester are coming in a couple of hour to test everyone is urine .
if drug are found on the premise there is automatic drug testing conducted within twenty-four hour .
no you can not do that .
no you can not .
it ha to be official , and it < i > ha < /i > to be urine .
kevin , what prescription drug are you taking , besides rogaine ?
angela , what about you ?
you are not on < i > anything ? < /i > good .
thank you , michael .
no , you will be tested .
that is the law according to the rule .
dwight schrute , assistant regional manager .
you might remember testing my urine a few year back when i wa applying to be a volunteer sheriff 's deputy .
I am all better .
what kind of filing ?
that go directly to the tester .
like in a cup ?
but that is illegal .
were you forced to do drug at this concert ?
i want him to have all the urine he need .
do not you think i know that ?
my father 's name wa dwight schrute .
my grandfather 's name wa dwight schrute .
his father 's name dwide schrude .
i loved my father very much .
every morning he would wake up at dawn and make u biscuit with gravy .
when i wa little my dad and i played a lot of game together .
my dad cheated a lot but i never busted him on it .
i would have , except i did not know about it .
he did not tell me till year later .
i wa shocked when i found out .
it is a uniform and i turned it in today when i tendered my resignation .
i took an oath when i wa sworn in and i broke that oath today .
that is fantastic because I have always felt that the security here sucked .
thank you , michael .
can i have a gun ?
okay , I will have to bring in my bow staff .
thank you , michael .
i need to go over some detail with you .
first of all , hank , how many orange traffic cone do you have ?
your turn , stanley .
angela , you are up .
no , no , no .
conference room , pronto .
come on , step it up .
just drink a lot of water .
you have to relax your muscle around the bladder .
I am turning in my badge .
i got it here .
no , i mean at the gift shop .
also , i can not wear this anymore .
oh , do not worry .
i never abused my power .
i only tried to help the sheriff 's department in any way i could .
oh , god , there are so many .
roadside assistance , breaking up unruly party , surveillance ... crowd control , directing traffic ... I have only had to use it once .
what is on your face ?
is that a disguise ?
badge are long overdue .
security in this office park is a joke .
last year , i came to work with my spud gun in a duffel bag .
i sat at my desk all day , with a rifle that shoot potato at 60 pound per square inch .
can you imagine if i wa deranged ?
oh , he is sure .
whoa .. wha ... wait .
if someone ha a problem with me , why would they withdraw it six month ago ?
that is not true .
when a name is withdrawn , doe that also apply to the permanent misbehavior file in new york ?
that doe not make any sense .
i never smile if i can help it .
showing one 's teeth is a submission signal in primate .
when someone smile at me , all i see is a chimpanzee begging for it life .
i am not a security threat ... and my middle name is 'kurt ' , not 'fart ' .
i have another complaint for jim 's permanent file .
ah ... agh ... dgh ... ahh !
four year of malfeasance unreported .
this can not stand .
who is side is toby on ?
who is side are you on ?
i can not work with jim anymore .
either he go , or i go .
one of u is out of here by the end of today !
i am not bluffing !
do the right thing here , michael .
okay , i have served you loyally for year .
you know i do !
you have till five .
oh , look , jim .
there is a sale manager position open in stamford .
want me to call jan and tell her you are interested ?
i could put in a good word for you , because I will still be working here .
it is a good market .
i have a girlfriend ... so , you going to transfer jim or not ?
i want an answer by tomorrow .
come on , let u go .
creed , kevin , oscar ... andale !
oh , this doe not look good .
did anyone see what happened around my desk area this morning ?
a prank , huh ?
this is official police line tape , okay ?
it is not a prank .
damn it , people !
someone must have seen something !
oh , you people are useless .
oh , no , no , do not !
i can not ... this is why I am a volunteer sheriff 's deputy and you are not .
no , there is no blood .
no , jim , no !
sheriff , this is volunteer sheriff 's deputy dwight schrute .
press the pound key !
what is your 20 ?
he sometimes wear glass , write that down .
also , that may not be his real hair .
let me see your id .
i gave her a higher clearance than you .
I would tell you , but then I would have to kill you .
I am done talking .
i am a schrute .
we do not back down .
no , come on ... god !
i would never , ever serve you .
not in a million , billion year .
it belonged to my grandfather .
he wa buried in it , so family heirloom .
roulette is not a game of skill , it is a game of chance .
how would you do that ?
you can not be serious .
i do not believe you .
uh ... why do not you move that coat rack ?
excuse me , everyone !
attention in the office , please .
jim is about to prove his telekinetic power and he need absolute silence .
oh , my god .
wait , canine aid ?
actually , it is owned by beakman property , and dunder mifflin is four year into a seven-year lease .
when darryl wa coming , you said you wanted me here for protection .
code name re/max is here .
no sign of lan jevinson .
I am michael 's wingman .
I have got his back .
he is got two date tonight .
my job is to keep jan away from carol and vice versa .
michael said , `` we must deceive them , so a not to hurt them , and in that way , we honor them . '' i expect to do very well tonight .
i have an acute ability to read people .
jim , for instance , ha a huge tell .
when he get a good hand , he cough .
give me the dice .
i need to roll an eight .
if i do , everyone win .
thank you , angela .
give me the dice !
come on , shooter !
so where you staying ?
the hyatt in wilkes-barre ?
you staying with michael ?
nice , very nice .
do you need anything ?
should i get water or donut ?
come on , let u go .
it is from battlestar galactica .
yeah , get them , creed !
i miss him so much .
ooooh i cry myself to sleep , jim !
< i > false < /i > .
i do not miss him .
well , he is not dressed in woman 's clothes , so ... you could assume everyone is , and not say anything offensive .
i really do not think so .
jim told me you could buy gay-dar online .
he did not tell the truth a lot .
I will try brookstone .
uh , michael know pam .
he asked me to do this just for him .
he ha his own reason .
i think all the other office gay should identify themselves , or i will do it for them .
she make absolutely no attempt to be feminine !
michael appears to be gay too .
and yet he is my friend .
i guess i do have a gay friend .
`` hope this help .
do not be scared .
do not be mad , it is a business trip .
monkey , i am an a. r. m. , assistant regional manager .
can i have my neck pillow back ?
can i have my neck pillow back ?
oh , hey , how is it going up there ?
have you made any sale yet ?
well , i did it too .
so what kind of commission you get up there ?
you are so immature !
hey , january this party is going to be awesome .
I will do a shot , michael .
dwight schrute , assistant regional manager , dunder-mifflin .
I am a huge fan .
why do they call him the bus ?
you do not have email on your phone .
no one just called you .
I will talk to my buddy down at the station , stat .
so i called my buddy down at the station today .
had them run a background check on josh porter .
see if there is any known alias , et cetera .
he wa not volunteering today .
wa that your per diem ?
keep the wing flap .
nice try , josh !
ha , ha , ha , ha .
blood , urine , or semen .
what would you have done ?
a bottle capper ? !
so , you ever been convicted of a felony ?
so you know how to fight underwater ?
take a seat down there .
second from the end .
not everyone approves of movie monday .
i will not say who .
that is not going to happen .
that is not his fault !
he had to follow his heart !
ever since michael dumped jan for carol , jan 's been bitching out on him .
reject a woman and she will never let it go .
one of the many defect of their kind .
michael would never let me ... i could never do that !
this is dwight schrute .
i am calling about an extremely sensitive matter .
it is about michael .
i can not talk here .
it is too sensitive .
no , but we should discus that another time .
pull over at exit 40. there is a liz claiborne outlet .
i know you like that store .
go inside and shop , until i can meet you .
many of your blouse are claiborne 's .
part of my job .
I am going ... to the dentist .
i have to have an emergency crown put in .
it is a new dentist .
i might be gone ... three hour .
did you get anything good ?
i can save the branch .
if you let me run it .
`` ok '' i can run it ?
mostly get rid of waste .
which is half the people there .
it is all for me .
the decision to turn on michael wa difficult .
but once i did it , i did not look back .
and mostly i feel that michael would approve .
it is really what is best for the branch .
and i could care le about my co-worker .
so , here we are .
it is all , on the table .
i want ... the branch .
and i await your decision .
oh , by the way .
there is a new ann taylor outlet store near here .
i know you like their earring .
no thanks I am stuffed .
they have this new kind of quick drying bonding , so ... oh , yeah .
maybe that is why he became a dentist .
i know ... what ?
i can not believe this news .
well ... gosh , if you think i should .
assistant to the regional manager .
thank you michael , for staying on .
i really appreciate it .
hey ... i can not imagine this place without you .
yeah , when I am ready , mike .
ok let u do it .
i just want to say , to the few of you who will remain under my employ , that i intend to lead you into the black !
< i > i < /i > , < i > will < /i > , make a difference here .
oh please , do not be naive .
but you can be in charge of the woman .
well that wa before .
I am thinking about getting something german , something with decent gas mileage .
plus , that convertible , it is a ridiculous choice for this climate .
what did you -- yes .
i think the sebring 's cool .
the seabring 's cool .
it ha a cassette and it ha a cd .
do not fire me .
i have excellent sale number !
I will do anything !
I will do your laundry for a month !
I will do anything , i swear .
but i promise I will never betray you again .
what can i do , michael .
what can i do ?
what can i do ?
what can i do ?
what can i do ?
if the branch is in trouble , there are thing you can do .
i know that we need to cut cost .
we could fire meredith .
that is a big cost .
creed might be living here , we could charge him rent .
the schrutes are a very loyal breed .
but i also have mannheim blood from my german grandmother .
and the mannheim knew when to cut and run .
no sense going down with a losing regime .
but the schrute blood ... it is amazing that when these two blood mix , the whole thing did not explode .
michael , can you get me a pen from down in the warehouse ?
that is the way to go .
you are thinking of a chicken .
you said you did not know how to say it .
if my head ever come off , i would like you to put it on ice .
when i die , i want to be frozen .
and if they have to freeze me in piece , so be it .
i will wake up stronger than ever because i will have used that time to figure out exactly why i died and what move i could have used to defend myself better now that i know what hold he had me in .
that is not a statue , that is a robot .
and how big do you want this robot ?
better make it two-thirds .
easier to stop if it turn on u .
look i gave him a six foot extension cord so he can not chase u .
when my mother wa pregnant with me , they did an ultrasound and found she wa having twin .
when they did another ultrasound a few week later , they discovered , that i had resorbed the other fetus .
do i regret this ?
i believe his tissue ha made me stronger .
i now have the strength of a grown man and a little baby .
michael ... oh ... poor little fella .
he is a goner .
michael , get him away from your head !
he is covered in germ and bacteria !
you want me to flush him ?
no , this is about the right size .
I am sorry , i grew up on a farm .
we slaughtered a pig whenever we wanted bacon .
my grandfather wa reburied in an old oil drum .
it would have fit if he had given me another minute .
i need a box .
i need a box .
a small box ... not too confining .
oh , thank you .
he is not a songbird .
let u get back to work .
a you know , ed truck is dead .
if you have any contact information on rolodex file or in microsoft outlook , remove it now .
also , if you have any photograph , pam will make her shredder available during lunch .
remembering the dead doe not help anybody .
the way to best honor them is to figure out what killed them and prevent that thing from killing anyone ever again .
in this case , some sort of steel exoskeleton to protect the neck , or else a device that allows the head to live separately from the body .
I am working on both .
michael , no need to call corporate .
we are supposed to use toby .
he is trained a a grief counselor .
i have two coin totaling 15 cent and one of them is not a nickel .
no , i said one of them is not a nickel .
ok. a man and his son get into a car accident .
they are rushed to the hospital .
the doctor say , there is no way i can operate on this boy , ... a man is found hanging from the ceiling ... a hunter .
i am very excited .
ryan ha not made a sale yet , but more importantly , he ha not made an ally yet .
is he going to be a slacker-loser-wise-ass like jim wa ?
or is he going to join the dwight army of champion ?
when you are ready to see the sale office , the sale office will present itself to you .
your journey begin now .
do you know where we are , temp ?
i hold in my hand , a beet seed .
when ... damn it .
and just a you have planted your seed in the ground , I am going to plant my seed in you .
smell pretty bad , doe not it ?
it is called bull crap and a client can smell it from a mile away .
oh hey , i forgot something in my car .
I will be right back .
you have passed the second challenge .
welcome to schrute farm .
it is time for your next test .
you have planted the beet seed .
you have walked the long lonely walk of loneliness .
you know what your problem is ?
you know why you have not made any sale ?
because you think you know everything .
you have to trust that maybe there are other people that can teach you thing .
are you ready to learn ?
are you ready for the final test ?
pay no attention to the spirit that haunt this hallowed ground .
mose is my cousin and he life here .
he will always be my best friend .
unless thing go well with ryan today in which case , i will not hang out with mose so much anymore .
what is the greatest danger facing dunder mifflin ?
what is the true because of robert mifflin 's suicide ?
what is the dharma initiative ?
final question , young ryan howard .
what is michael scott 's greatest fear ?
he is not afraid of anything .
also , i would have accepted snake .
fear is what it is all about .
you can not sell while undergoing fear .
you need to vanquish fear !
one must wrestle fear to the ground .
you will now wrestle my cousin mose .
wrestle him to the ground .
you do not have to wrestle him .
just get in the coffin .
where are all the animal ?
ryan , come on .
mose is sorry too .
look , he sent over a basket with egg and some fat back bacon .
and look , something he whittled .
it is just jim and i did not get along , and i did not want it to be that way again .
you know , i wanted u to be a team .
an unstoppable team that competed against other team .
keep the phrase `` real dollar '' in their head .
and always keep the power in the conversation .
that is why you are losing them on the cold call .
because you say the word please too much .
michael always said , k.i.s.s .
keep it simple , stupid .
great advice , hurt my feeling every time .
they did not have to say it to your face .
not everything 's a lesson , ryan .
sometimes you just fail .
it is those online paper jerk .
the whole business is changing .
they are going to be screwed once this whole internet fad is over .
what are you doing ?
oh no no no no !
courtesy of dunder mifflin .
just think , that temp agency could have sent you anywhere .
take a good look at this boy ... ... because you are never going to see him again .
today is ryan 's first sale call and i am bringing this boy home a full-grown man .
i once saw a movie called `` training day '' .
it starred an african-american and ethan hawke .
in it , the african-american train ethan hawke with various test and trial .
today , ryan is ethan hawke , and i am the african-american .
get in the car .
do not you realize the key is inside you ?
no , but seriously , your ear are the key .
90 % of a good sale call is listening , only 10 % is talking .
get in the car .
get ... get in the car .
sale is not all in here .
it is also in here .
you know , selling , typing , dialing .
what is that in your ear ?
a tiny beet seed .
you need to clean your ear better .
sale is about people , ryan .
about understanding them and learning how to get along with them .
case study : me .
to understand me , you have to know that i work in the city , but i live here on this small , beautiful farm .
it is a family farm .
many schrutes were born here and many of u end up here .
my grandfather wa a good man who did some very bad thing .
what the ... damn it !
you , get out of here !
this is not a cheap motel !
this is a farm and cemetery !
you are lucky i do not have my crossbow !
let me show you the compost pile .
maybe you have got mono .
yeah , totally single .
kelly , I will take this one .
diwali is a celebration of the coronation of the god-king rama .
after his epic battle with ravana , the demon king of lanka .
it symbolizes the battle between good and evil ... i see dead people .
he wa dead the whole time .
doe michael talk about < i > me < /i > a lot ?
what doe he say .
you will thank me later .
i just feel like we have not talked in awhile .
what is the plan ?
thank you very much .
okay , secretary say wallace is away for the day and will not be coming back into the office .
but , do not worry .
i have his home address right here .
but when i do , we will have something to talk about .
so , do you know what you are going to say when he show up ?
you need an attack plan .
here , I will be him , you be you .
dum , dum , dum , dum ... coming home from work .
what is the meaning of this ?
well , the branch is no longer finicially viable .
it is simple dollar and cent .
listen , scott ... we are losing money , okay ?
it is not a charity ; it is a business .
and it is a dying business .
whoa hey , why not ?
dum , dum , dum , du , doy , du , do ... coming home from work ... uh !
here , replinish your fluid .
going to get it ?
then it wa an honor to have worked with you .
my first day when you hazed me by spraying me with a fire extinguisher .
uh , ... my first sale , my promotion to assistant regional manager , our basketball game , when you took me to the hospital , and told me that you cared about me .
what were your favorite moment ?
what about when jan said the branch wa closing ?
well , it doe not ... oh my god !
i do not ... have no idea .
psh , why is that great ?
what wa your mile time ?
i could beat that on a skateboard .
yeah , well my foot do not .
and i can still crush that time .
let u just put it this way .
last weekend i outran a black pepper snake .
to give you a reference point .
I am somewhere between a snake and a mongoose .
man , what is taking toby so long ?
and you will compare the time ?
no , my groin ... ... is really tight .
i can not ... aaaaah !
that is andy bernard .
if i were you ... ... i would fire anthony gardner ... ... before noon ... ... to consolidate power .
no , no , no !
the japanese camp guard of world war ii always chose one man to kill whenever a batch of new prisoner arrived .
i always wondered how they chose the man who wa to die .
i think i would have been good at choosing the person .
well , well , well .
look what the cat dragged in from stamford .
fact - i am older .
do not mess with me .
what are you doing ?
i have a smudge on my forehead ?
why are you looking at my forehead ?
meet my eye line , jim !
stop acting like an idiot !
i do not believe we have been introduced .
so you will be reporting to me , then .
my title ha 'manager ' in it .
i know everything about film .
I have seen over 240 of them .
we need to talk !
assistant regional manager or regional director in charge of sale ?
so who get paid more ?
ok. who report to who ?
and then if i want ... i ... i ... one ... yo mike , our town is dope and pretty .
but check that it is covered by your health care provider !
but the little car go in the compact spot do you mean to me ?
because that is how it work .
do you have battery ?
very funny , michael !
really funny , michael !
one ... two ... three .
that wa my advice .
I am the one who suggested that you fire him .
and what advice ha andy given to you today that you have acted on ?
would 'none ' be an accurate estimate ?
if he even want it .
it doe not come with a pay raise .
so who will be your new number three ?
and i have to say your leadership ... ha brought ... uh , try double that .
classic transam , vintage american muscle .
xterra 's not even a real word .
oh , so you drive an x-earth ?
I would rather drive a classic transam than an xearth .
well i hope 1985 ha a time machine because i drive an 87. speaking of funeral , why do not you go ahead and go die .
if you were driving a transam , you would be the smartest idiot in the whole world .
you are the idiot !
i wa making fun of your comeback !
that is why it worked .
totally got the best of that interchange .
male , age 37 ... mocha complexion .
either caught a fish or wa standing next to a man who caught a fish in key west , florida .
it wa not clear on the google image search .
no , no , it is better than fantastic .
it is super perfect .
it just go to show you , you play with fire and you are going to singe your eyebrow .
and they do not grow back the same way .
i had a tickle in my throat .
i can not say ?
sometimes it hurt michael .
I am cool , I am cool , I am so cool .
tell me what is going on .
i am greatly concerned about having a convict in the office .
and i do not care if that convict is white , black , asian , german , or some kind of halfsy .
i do not like criminal .
what is the very very worst thing about prison ?
do not worry , she is dead .
i accidentally ran over it .
it is a christmas miracle !
relax , ok. and because this is christmas , i am going to roast this goose and prepare it with a wild rice dressing .
do we have any cayenne pepper in the kitchen ?
what doe it look like ?
and circle get the square .
so can you watch this ?
I am going to get my carving knife out of the trunk .
no , toby , this is different .
he is already dead .
once i brought in a duck .
to prepare for lunch .
and people got upset .
apparently , they got attached to the duck and did not want to see it killed .
he wa already dead .
and we schrutes use every part of the goose .
the meat ha a delicious , smoky , rich flavor .
plus you can use the molten goose grease and save it in the refrigerator , thus saving you a trip to the store for a can of expensive goose grease .
thank you , jim .
ok , that is ridiculous .
and totally against the spirit of christmas .
it is christmas toby .
take a chill pill .
michael , i do not think there is anything wrong with the way you described her .
are we going to cancel hanukah a well ?
uh , it appears we are one bathrobe short .
we are getting rid of everything that reminds you of carol .
oh , look at this .
your old condo closing paper .
it is riddled with carol 's name .
i wish i could throw this in the box .
why do not you just buy the whole song ?
oh , look at this , she saved you two thousand dollar because they failed to report a mold problem .
but would not that affect the final ... how did she ?
oh , oh , i see what she did .
carol is one smart cookie .
i am ordering you to cease and desist all party planning .
a ranking number three in this office , i am order - you are number four .
you must turn over to me all christmas decoration and party paraphernalia immediately that will be returned to you on january fourth .
ok , good ok , this is stupid .
no no , no , wait , wait , wait permission to join the validity committee .
actually , um ... sir , I am going to need take this chair .
i can not ... i can not here what you are saying .
what are you talking about ?
carol had a mustache ?
what are you guy talking about ?
repeat what you said louder !
it is my job to be there for michael .
how can i be there for michael if I am here for michael ?
who are you calling ?
look like you have got a little nakiri knife action going there .
yeah , i bet you wish you had a nakiri , though .
nah , i do not know ... still think nakiri 's better .
over here , michael !
what ... what is happening ?
oh my gosh , now she is up .
oh , ok. cindy !
hold it neck back and insert the knife below the jaw .
bring it all the way around , there is going to be a good amount of blood .
do not let it bother you .
have a bucket there , for the blood ... and the innards ... and the feather .
i could not hear anything .
monkey , this is possum .
lady , from the moment i saw you standing all alone .
you gave all the love that i needed ... pum pum pum pum pum pum pum bye pam .
`` you have been compromised .
destroy phone . '' destroy phone ?
where is michael going ?
michael is on vacation and he is asked me to record all meeting and to type up the transcript .
i do not have a knife !
let the record show that jim halpert is a liar !
jim carrey did not just walk in , ok. you can not see ... you can not see my stomach .
who is the target ?
what is it of ?
unless you are willing to tell me everything , i can not accept this assignment .
ok , i accept it .
michael hit a deer ?
there is an emergency in the warehouse .
no , it is ... involves the photograph .
i have disconnected the office t1 line .
i have ordered that that be taken down and destroyed all print out from the bathroom .
a lot of them .
who did this to you ?
it is hot in here .
so you are pmsing pretty bad , huh ?
hello , you are back .
while you were gone ... while you were gone , jim glued my desk drawer together .
he changed my voicemail so that my voice sounded like a chipmunk .
he told me that we had a meeting at 4:00 am , and i wa the only one who showed up .
he turned over my ... i took a vacation once .
while i wa away , jim had my desk shipped to me in roswell .
the worst part about the internet , when a secret is out , everyone know .
the best part about the internet , that video of the dancing indian midget , crossbow.org , massively multiplayer online gaming , i.e .
i also enjoy online banking .
spiderman , peter parker , would not reveal his love for mary jane for fear that she might be captured and harmed by the green goblin .
now , if michael had studied the spidey principle that I would drawn up for him , jan 's boob might not be all over the internet .
may i have your attention , please ?
if we all work really hard and focus , we should be out of here in seven hour .
now , somewhere in these stack , i have hidden a deck of card .
that should motivate you to keep your eye open .
if you find the deck of card , you can redeem it with me in exchange for a free soft drink .
get back ... back to work !
please , i can double your pace .
two at a time !
you are a box short on the black , medium-line ballpoint .
you are in the clear .
doe anyone want to trade ?
you want shirt on hanger ?
it is the safest part of the car .
in the event of a crash , the driver always protects his side of the car first .
no thank you , i never let anyone walk behind me .
seven out of ten attack are from the rear .
uh , yeah , but it will be easier to stop .
i can always block the blow .
i can counter it with ... can i use your phone ?
one ... three ... seven ... sure .
erm , that is one of the 'big guy . ' been on hold this whole time .
here is my card .
it is got my cell number , my pager number , my home number , and my other pager number .
i never take vacation , i never get sick , and i do not celebrate any major holiday .
she is pretty and appears intelligent .
my girlfriend is also beautiful and smart .
she could be a model or a college professor which is intimidating to a lot of guy .
hey , we nailed the sale !
damn rooster did not crow .
i am not a liar .
stay out of this , you !
michael , i can not tell you what i wa doing there .
but you have to trust me , i would never do anything to hurt you or this company .
that is what she said .
it is going to be ok. that is not the worst thing in the world .
I will just stand up in front of the office and reveal our true love .
it will not be that bad .
look at kelly and ryan .
well , i do not have a lot of choice .
may i have your attention please ?
this will only take a moment of your time .
although i love this company more than almost anything in the world , i have decided to step down from my post and spend more time with my family .
i do not fear the unknown and i will meet my new challenge head-on and i will succeed .
and i will laugh in the face of those who doubt me .
it ha been a pleasure working with some of you and i will not forget those of you soon but remember , while today it is me , we all shall fall .
in other word , i am quitting .
i would like to give the rest of my belonging to michael scott .
one of my life goal wa to die right here in my desk chair .
and today , that dream wa shattered .
i have left dunder-mifflin after many record-breaking year and am officially on the job market .
and it is very exciting .
for your convenience , I have broken it down into three part : professional resume , athletic and special skill resume , and dwight schrute trivia .
i am ready to face any challenge that might be foolish enough to face me .
how would i describe myself ?
hard-working , alpha male , jackhammer , merciless , insatiable .
there is nothing on my horizon except everything .
everything is on my horizon .
i got this job to make some money while i continue my employment search .
and uh , it is fine for the time being .
give me something hard to sell .
i will literally be standing right here if you need anything at all .
i have snow tire and chain .
plus exceptional hand-eye coordination .
they are only one of staple ' top competitor in the area .
have you heard of paper ?
well , that question is meaningless .
just go with the copy paper .
it is your funeral .
see how that work out for you .
oh my god , she told you ?
the bos is not funny .
i do not get to wear my tie .
i do not want to do your laundry anymore .
you did this for me ?
no , no , no .
i do not need it .
how do you know it is going to be a boy ?
what if he is a murderer ?
maybe that is how you die .
i want to do this .
I am on it .
ruddy cheek , thick calf , no tat , no mole , no tat .
of course i want- leave me alone and get the male stripper .
i knew you would , nancy .
no preference , what do you think redhead or brunette ?
do you have any blonde woman ?
jennifer garner portrayed one on alias .
it wa one of her many alias .
okay , i specifically ordered a stripper .
oh , okay good .
well in the future please identify yourself a such .
text back , `` kind of . '' i do !
i want some man meat !
elizabeth , i want you to sit here .
when the phone ring , answer it .
we hired you for three hour work and we are going to get it .
care for a piece of chocolate ?
who is the king of austria ?
who is the king of prussia ?
who is the king of england ?
i do not care what jim say , that is not the real ben franklin .
i am 99 % sure .
are you near sighted or far sighted ?
what do you think ?
i ... i do not know .
my mouth taste so bad all of a sudden .
you look a beautiful a the queen of england .
the shrutes have their own tradition .
we usually marry standing in our own graf .
make the funeral very romantic , but the wedding are a bleak affair .
why are all these people here ?
there are too many people on this earth .
we need a new plague .
who are all these people ?
of course i saw it .
i saw wedding crasher accidentally .
i bought a ticket for grizzly man and went into the wrong theatre .
after an hour , i figured i wa in the wrong theatre , but i kept waiting .
that is the thing about bear attack , they come when you least expect it .
once again , jim , i will take care of this .
i will locate the wedding crasher and report them to phyllis .
that way i will not have to get her a gift .
it is a miracle .
best of luck , phyllis .
also I am going to need to see a copy of the guest manifest a well a photograph of the caterer .
'scuse me , sir .
how do you know the happy couple ?
the bride and groom ?
what are their name ?
oh i get it , i get it , come on , freeloader .
let u move it .
got to find yourself another wedding to crash , my friend .
i can not let you in , michael .
no , it is bob and phyllis ' order .
you are a real life wedding crasher and i must bounce you .
I am sorry , it give me no pleasure .
`` do not be an idiot . '' changed my life .
whenever I am about to do something , i think , `` would an idiot do that ? '' and if they would , i do not do that thing .
... oh my god .
solving a mystery , if that is quite alright with you .
okay , lady and gentleman , what we have here is a bird that ha been trapped in a vent .
fortunately i have found it befo-bat !
we have ... a bat ... in the office .
no , that is unacceptable .
okay , jim , you are the number two in this office .
you need to step up and show some leadership .
what is so wierd ?
this is your job , halpert .
one crisis at a time .
if a vampire bat wa in the you.s. , it would make sense for it to come to a `` sylvania . '' like penn-sylvania .
now that doe not mean that jim is going to become a vampire .
only that he carry the vampiric germ .
i do not have a lot of experience with vampire , but i have hunted werewolf .
i shot one once .
but by the time i got to it , it had turned back into my neighbor 's dog .
extraordinary event call for extraordinary action .
we form an allegiance- -to use sudden violence .
do you have the tool to turn a wooden mop handle into a stake ?
flush him towards the door .
on my go ... now !
I have been controlling animal since i wa six .
jim is on a path now .
an eternal journey , and i wish him well .
but i have a destiny in this realm .
specifically , in the kitchen .
hold still , woman !
... ... you are welcome .
what is a leader ?
i asked jim that , and he said he had never heard the word before .
in america , in 2007. he said he knew the word ladder ... what an ignoramous .
but this seems to be ... i know how .
dislocate his shoulder and slip his arm out from underneath .
it is early bird get the worm .
good , not great .
thanks for inviting me along .
hello , january talk to you later , january salad .
you dressed exactly like the servant .
i do not think yours will fit me .
that would have been really embarrassing .
it is from both of u .
oh , you know that line on the top of the shrimp ?
do you ever watch battlestar galactica ?
then you are an idiot .
what is the square footage ?
doe that include the garage ?
I am just ... it is a common question .
these old colonial are great , when they are sound .
I would love to take a look around .
cool , let u start with the banister .
yeah , these stud are way too far apart .
what is in here ?
just the one window ?
are those real pearl ?
oh good , you are up .
hey , who make this chair ?
it is got good solid construction .
what do you know ?
the chimney is in decent shape .
i found some termite damage in a crawl space and some structural flaw in the foundation so all in all , it wa a pretty fun cocktail party .
do not break up you guy , you are great together .
why would the architect design stair this wide ?
wa there an obese family in here before you ?
good thing it is not the discovery .
pam , please call security !
everyday , for eight year , i have brought pepper spray into this office to protect myself and my fellow employee .
and everyday , for eight year , people have laughed at me .
well , who is laughing now ?
thank you not necessary and thus , not accepted .
i saw someone breaking the law and i interceded .
do not want it .
do not want it .
will not open it .
do not need it .
will not take it .
citizen do not accept prize for being citizen .
no , do not call me a hero .
do you know who the real hero are ?
the guy who wake up every morning , and go into their normal job , and get a distress call from the commissioner , and take off their glass and change into cape and fly around fighting crime .
those are the real hero .
i saw the perpetrator advance toward the victim at a high rate of speed .
his head wa thrown back , his shoulder and arm cocked indicating an attack position .
perp grabbed the victim .
i removed my weapon from it secure hiding place .
discharged it at a distance of a little over a meter into the perpetrator 's eye , nose , and face area .
rendering him utterly and completely disabled .
then i contacted the authority .
when han solo return to the death star in the millennium falcon , and shoot down the tie fighter and save the rebel because , do you think he doe so for a free beer ?
and why are you so interested in buying me something jim , what is your angle ?
certificate of bravery , from the scranton police department .
`` recognizing outstanding citizenship from a very brave young man .
dwight k. schrute '' please .
they hand these out to little kid .
there is a teddy bear in a policeman 's cap .
mm , good stuff .
no need to thank me .
i am not a hero .
i am a mere defender of the office .
you know who is a real hero ?
hiro , from < i > hero < /i > .
that is a hero .
yes , i have decided to shun andy bernard for the next three year .
which I am looking forward to .
it is an amish technique .
it is like slapping someone with silence .
i wa shunned from the age of four until my sixth birthday ... for not saving the excess oil from a can of tuna .
jim , could you please inform andy bernard that he is being shunned .
ok , tell him that is not true .
jim , tell him that bear can climb faster than they can run .
god , what are we going to do ! ?
okay , let u do this thing !
I will go summon the troop !
we measured it once ... seedless ?
we are not allowed to use the baler .
I am on it !
I am temporarily lifting the shun .
i need you to do something for me .
okay , calm down .
i need you to acquire an inflatable house , and/or castle .
what do you think ?
you have got an hour .
yeah that sound good .
oh yeah , this is much better .
when you land , try and land like an eight year-old .
these bouncy castle are not designed for adult .
do you want to do another test ?
i got plenty of watermelon in my trunk !
it is rock n ' roll !
near near near near near !
jumpin ' off the roof !
bouncin ' on the bouncy bounce !
show them who is bos !
rip a hole in the suuuuuuun !
michael is up on the roof , and acting strange !
i think he is suffering from depression .
i think he want you all to come out to the parking lot and watch him die !
no really , it is , it is very nice .
everybody 's going to be fine in exactly what they are wearing , let u go !
come on , hurry up you guy !
michael , what is wrong ? !
is not that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out ?
is that the last year the data wa available ?
do not do anything rash !
i did not ... i did not think you needed them for this part .
you said to just ... okay , I am on it !
attention blue collar worker !
michael 's up on the roof and he is acting strange !
is not that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out ?
no , there is nothing to see over there , people !
there is nothing to see .
... they found the castle , michael .
okay , uh ... i do not see anything .
she might be bluffing .
oh ... it is uh , a repliee q1 expo female robot , they are only available in japan .
let u single ... single ... ok. buddy system , everyone buddy up , find a buddy .
no it wa not .
remind me again , what wa the fight exactly , who wa it between , and what wa the outcome ?
can you tell andy to focus on the spring ?
ok , ahh , turn around , and do a broad jump for me on go .
one missis ... ok , you went that far on one missis .
ippi would take you to here .
this trajectory time the propulsion from your quadriceps would be about three mississippi , maybe three and a quarter .
so one missis ... correct ... ippi , two mississippi , three mississippi ... e. right here .
ok , if he is not down by four , I will get the paper up to him .
come on pretty boy .
it is only leased , and it is got rust damage , he will never get his deposit back .
that is a ridiculous question .
well that is debatable .
there are basically two school of thought -- bear do not -- what is going on -- what are you doing ? !
imitation is the most sincere form of flattery , so i thank you .
identity theft is not a joke , jim !
million of family suffer every year !
oh , that is funny .
you are entering the `` no spin zone ! '' not !
ok , karen , ryan , pam , center stage .
pam , run a comb through your hair .
first rule in road-side beet sale : put the most attractive beet on top .
the one that make you pull the car over and go , `` wow , i need this beet right now . '' those are the money beet .
hello , dwight schrute .
and you must be uh , from the washington post .
and `` breaking corporate news . '' oh , dear god .
ok , here are your credential .
you have been granted level three security clearance .
do not get too excited , that is out of 20. right this way .
regional manager michael scott will be addressing the client in the press room shortly .
have a seat , can i get you a beverage ?
you look good in this .
may i point out that the sex appeared to be consensual ?
both animal were smiling .
i grew up on a farm .
i have seen animal having sex in every position imaginable .
couple of chicken doing a goat , couple of pig watching .
whoever drew this got it exactly right .
it is non-transferable ... uh , you could never withstand a swat team .
I am just saying ... they would flank you .
throw in a concussion grenade .
you would be on the ground , blind , deaf , dumb .
i look like an idiot .
yeah , that is because I am ... you are boyfriend , jim halpert .
hey , karen , want to get t-together later and have sexual intercourse because you are my girlfriend ?
I am jim halpert .
ah-luh-luh , a little comment .
i need to speak to your scranton-area bureau chief ?
all right , then the bureau chief for the greater wilkes-barre area ?
how about , ah , lackawanna county .
okay , northeastern pennsylvania then .
this is extremely urgent !
no ... you put < i > your < /i > supervisor on the phone !
say you are sorry time infinity ... ... because there is no comeback for that .
i do not believe in apology .
when someone in the yakuza make a mistake , they cut off a portion of their own pinky finger .
and in that way , save face .
and knowing the japanese , they probably get an even better prosthetic finger .
with a knife you can take out of it , or a screwdriver or a corkscrew .
i just got a call from debbie brown over at the mill .
she claim innocence and is willing to come over here and defend herself .
mercy is for girl-babies .
time to put this dog down .
i do not know ... ... to the fullest extent of the law .
listen up , everyone !
i just got off the phone with the mill .
final responsibility for watermark-gate ha been assigned .
floor manager debbie brown ha officially been terminated .
let u give a big hand to creed bratton , without whose earnest and diligent sleuthing this scandal might never have been resolved .
that is a demerit .
you have got to learn , jim .
you are second in command , but that doe not put you above the law .
let u put it this way .
you do not want to receive three of those .
three demerit and you will receive a citation .
oh , it is serious .
five citation and you are looking at a violation .
four of those and you will receive a verbal warning .
keep it up , and you are looking at a written warning .
two of those , that will land you in a world of hurt ... in the form of a disciplinary review written up by me and placed on the desk of my immediate superior .
what is a dis ... what is that ?
employee of this office are very small and delicate .
deserve protection from local pervs .
better 1,000 innocent men are locked up than one guilty man roam free .
let me show you what I have been working on .
there are several penis there I would love phyllis to run her eye over .
you know , see if we can catch this pervert .
look at that one .
due to a recent incident involving phyllis , a man , a map , and his penis - i think you know what I am referring to - michael ha authorized me to form an emergency anti-flashing task force .
answer : no , because this is being given priority one .
this is a petition for the business park to upgrade their security camera a well a install two floodlight in the parking lot .
and i know ... i know what you are thinking .
will not that just she would more light on the penis ?
but that is a risk we have to take .
you can draw , kind of .
why do not you work with phallus on drawing a picture of the exposer that i can post around the community ?
I have got penis on the brain .
back to work , everybody .
i am removing all banana from the kitchen .
desperate time call for desperate measure .
did you hear that , michael ?
mm , le than three .
why doe not oscar run the meeting ?
he is a homosexual .
those are collectible action figure and they are worth more than your car .
< i > alien < /i > .
i wish i could menstruate .
if i could menstruate , i would not have to deal with idiotic calendar anymore .
I would just be able to count down from my previous cycle .
plus , I would be more in tune with the moon and the tide .
have you finished with the sketch ?
hmm , doe not seem like the type .
i plan on plastering this pervert 's face everywhere .
you can run , but you can not hide .
of course you do , moon face .
that is because you are a preppy freak , you are the office pariah , and nobody like you .
so start hanging these all around the building .
that is why we got to catch him .
more like , `` aye , aye , general . '' this is what we < i > know < /i > .
yeah , i do .
because justice never rest .
you know , i may have underestimated you .
you are not a total as .
dunder-mifflin paper/sex predator hotline , this is dwight schrute .
jim , what are you doing ?
I am hanging up .
you have information about the sex predator ?
i got nothing cooking , it is cooked .
it is borscht and it served cold .
if you are trying to kiss my as , i would not suggest it .
believe me , you do not want to kiss this as .
i will never be your vichyssoise .
let u go , fall out , let u go .
move , move , move , move , move .
ok , where doe it hurt ?
no , that is not how it work .
you have to point to a specific part of the body .
menses . '' `` the uterus contract after your egg pass through it . '' oh , is it possible you ate food that contained animal waste ?
i knew it wa not just a trip to the beach .
i hope there will be management parable .
we will be called gryffindor .
slytherin are the bad guy , jim .
i would not do that .
you really should not be saying that .
what are you saying ?
ok , i apologize for yelling at you .
i am trying to bring team spirit .
come on you bastard !
it is very good for you .
i wa saying that before .
now i am saying sabotage .
the ancient dutch art of screwing up your own team .
if michael organizes some kind of group hug , stand next to me .
that is not why you lost .
how do you like that ?
i will do this michael .
i will walk and stand on these coal until you award me the position of regional manager !
give me the job !
give me the job !
aggggh , that sting !
a man and his wife and his child go into the office of a talent agency .
and the talent agent say , `` describe your act . '' and the man say something really , really raunchy and the talent representative say , `` what do you call yourselves ? '' and the man say , `` the aristocrat ! '' i mean truly repulsive act .
seat belt fastened , folk .
hey what is all this ?
if i guess , will you tell me ?
is that a sumo suit ?
i know , we are putting on a play for japanese investor .
I have been so good ... please .
eat sand , you fat , old man !
you wanted to see me ?
but that is my name .
dwight , congratuations a-wipe .
do not screw the pooch .
thank you , michael .
thank you so much .
how would you like to spend the night with the regional manager of dunder-mifflin , scranton ?
no , no , not michael .
I am taking his job .
jim , jim , jim .
jim , jim , jim , jim , jim , jim , jim .
i am going to be your new bos .
it is my greatest dream come true .
welcome to the hotel hell .
check in time is now .
check out time is never .
and the sheet are made of fire .
sorry , we are all booked up .
hell convention in town .
I will have to talk to the manager .
I am the owner .
yeah , but i have not told you my salary yet .
eighty thousand dollar a year .
once I am officially regional manager my first order of business will be to demote jim halpert .
so i will need a new number two .
but he is unavailable .
okay , everyone , listen up !
time to begin the interview process !
hey , hey , hey , hey !
do not wish them luck .
do not wish them luck .
all luck must be wished unto michael .
what did i say ! ?
i am going to begin this process with a simple test of intelligence and mental dexterity .
what is the best color ?
it is the most dominant .
how do you make a table ?
what is the capital of maine ?
okay , also , moratorium on cornell talk .
do not want to hear about it .
forget your personal history , and learn the history of this company .
you are not off to a very good start , bernard .
no , you failed .
this interview is over .
I will let you know .
who is ready to work ?
my first order of business : make andrew bernard my number two .
a if you had a choice .
opportunity of a lifetime .
you showed great leadership potential at the coal walk .
even if you did follow it with that embarrassing personal confession .
i had to make andy my number two .
it is political , complicated , you would not understand .
i want you ... to be assistant regional manager .
well , in a sense .
although , publicly i am going to retain the assistant regional manager position .
correct , i need someone i can trust .
but i would also like the title ... to be secretly applied to you .
just stripped of it pomp and frill .
mmmmmm , let u call it secret assistant < i > to < /i > the regional manager .
come to the center of the room , please .
this ... is a schrute buck .
when you have done something good , you will receive one schrute buck .
one thousand schrute buck ... equal an extra five minute for lunch .
excellent question , pam .
1/100th of a cent .
just ... zip your lid !
michael wasted an enormous amount of the group 's time and patience with non-work related ethnic celebration and parade of soft-minded dogoodedness .
instead , today i will begin my first lecture in a long series of lecture designed to increase your knowledge on the world of paper .
there is a new sheriff here in these office , and his name is `` me . '' conference room !
let u start ... from the ground < i > up < /i > .
where doe paper come from ?
and where do tree grow ?
we have , in front of you here , seven different type of pennsylvania top soil .
now , what would you say ... is the most important element in the production of above ground leafy growth ?
probably phosphorus , right ?
now , let u discus precipitation .
when rainfall occurs , doe it usually fall in a liquid , solid , or gaseous ... state ?
you have earned one schrute buck .
then you have been deducted 50 schrute buck !
we -- do not you want to earn schrute buck ?
what is the ratio of stanley nickel to schrute buck ?
okay -- what -- no wait , what are you doing ? !
no , no , no , wait !
class is not canceled .
it is like outerspace without the star , it is so black .
it is so intimidating !
anyone who come in here ... is going to have to take me seriously .
abandon all hope , ye who enter here !
to intimidate my subordinate .
it wa andy 's idea .
i wanted to thank you ... for helping me , when you held the title , secret assistant to the regional manager .
you served the office with great dignity .
define scorched earth policy .
what is the dharma initiative ?
it is a corporation formed by alien .
who wa the second man on the moon ?
inventor of the cotton gin .
talk me through an appendectomy .
step 5 , ... the wound .
when is the paleolithic age ?
what is a scented candle ?
how is the new bos ?
do people respect him ?
do they like him ?
and i hate them back .
no need we can just check the security tape .
it is only meredith .
hey ... why did you do it ?
wa she talkin ' back ?
did you get sick of that face ?
did she owe you money ?
did she spurn your advance ?
hey monkey , what is up ?
check to see if she is faking .
if a car hit me , it would not crack my pelvis .
you know what ; i bet she cracked it at home .
jumped in front of the car to get some worker comp .
so what do you need me to do ?
well you left the tv on , and your cat is dead .
sparkle , the white one , is dead .
that wa the sick one , right ?
like a ... just a dead cat .
so ... hey come on , do not be sad , just ... ok ... just .
she is in a better place .
actually the place that she is in is the freezer , because of the odor .
she is only a cat .
cat do not provide milk or wool or meat .
no , i have not .
i do not respect her , but i will go .
a a farmer , i know that when an animal is sick , sometimes the right thing to do is to put it out of it misery .
with the electricity we are using to keep meredith alive we could power a small fan for 2 day .
you tell me what is unethical .
blink once if you want me to pull the plug .
are you a doctor , or a male nurse ?
pfft ... her chart doe not indicate that she had a hysterectomy but she did , or at least she got time off for one .
just doing my job .
so , just to be safe they are giving her the rabies vaccine .
you have got to be bitten by something .
actually the doctor said it wa lucky she came in to the hospital , because the only way to beat rabies , is to start treatment before the symptom set in ... lock jaw .
you are taking this out on me , but i wa only the messenger .
you will feel better after the 5k .
exercise is good for depression .
well i do not know , on the other hand it doe leave le money for bat birth control .
wait , this money is going to bat birth control , right michael , that is what you told me when i contributed .
maybe we should just skip the ceremony and setup a college fund for meredith 's son .
on your mark , get set ... you have got nothing to worry about , i put imodium in toby 's coffee before the race .
how ya feeling , better ?
well you look cute a a button .
you have worked up quite a sweat .
i am a farmer angela .
ok , when a farmer see an animal that is in pain , that ha no quality of life , that ha no utility , a farmer doe what city folk do not have the stomach to do .
i ... i sang her , her favorite song .
it wa beautiful and gentle and respectful .
i fed her antihistamine and she gradually fell asleep .
well I am not responsible for that !
it is ok. it is nothing , I am robbing her .
i thought i wa helping you .
i expected a hug .
i took care of that cat , the best way i knew how .
i know a great taxidermist .
I will pay to have her stuffed .
well he is not great , but he is pretty good .
or we can have her buried out at the east field , by mother .
question : ha anyone recently offended a gypsy ?
my cousin mose 's best friend wa a dog .
one day , he wa foaming at the mouth , so i had to shoot him dead .
turn out , he had only eaten one of mose 's cream pie .
did i feel bad for killing him ?
that is how you deal with a thief .
i do not see it .
i think they both could do better .
to give you this .
it is a feral barn cat .
i trapped him last night and I am giving him to you a a replacement cat for the one i destroyed .
and his name is ... garbage .
mose call him garbage because he like to eat garbage .
do not you garbage ?
you have not buried her yet ?
garbage can be very helpful .
ok , he is a youthful cat .
he killed an entire family of raccoon .
what if we do not want to use a blackberry because they are stupid and pointless ?
I will make a reservation .
let me cook for you .
baked potato on the side .
I am going to live for a very long time .
my grandma schrute lived to be 101. my grandpa manheim is 103 , and still puttering around in argentina .
i tried to go visit him once , but my travel visa wa protested by the shoah foundation .
are you enjoying your vegetarian noodle ?
oh , that is funny .
are you enjoying your mineral water ?
then do not look in my eye .
look right here , it is an old sale trick .
no , please do not do this , monkey .
I am not going to be beaten by a website .
because ryan say so ?
i can make more sale than a computer .
in fact , i challenge that website to make more sale than me today .
you believe a computer can beat me ?
well i will prove you wrong .
i just feel like we need something more to acknowledge when i make a sale .
go to my car .
inside you will see many pelt .
under the smallest one is a case .
inside that case is a bear horn .
bring it to me .
hey , you want to win ?
you got to fuel like a winner .
today I am prepared to give you 15 % off our normal price .
yoohoo ... in your face , machine .
what if i told you i could offer free shipping ?
it appears that the website ha become alive .
this happens to computer and robot sometimes .
am i scared of a stupid computer ?
the computer should be scared of me !
i have been salesman of the month for 13 out of the last 12 month .
you heard me right .
i did so well last february that corporate gave me 2 plaque in lieu of a pay raise .
no , i realize you normally reorder in november , but what I am suggesti ... you did what ?
that is exactly what you are not supposed to do , damnit !
why would you reorder from a computer when you can have the personal touch of a salesman ?
i do not look worried .
what are you doing ?
i am in the fight of my life against this computer and every sale count .
it know what you did !
y ... you do not understand .
if ... okay , if this make the difference , I am going to tell it that you were responsible .
i am not a bad person .
when i left staple , i took some of their lead with me but i never intended to use them .
what did i intend to do with them ?
maybe keep them a a souvenir .
yes , mr. galliado .
how would you like to pay ten percent le for paper than you are paying right now ?
it is not important how i got your information .
what is important is that you say yes .
so let me just get some basic information from you .
am , so sorry .
uh , could you repeat that ?
ten ream for the u district court !
did i happen to mention the forty ream for the battered woman 's shelter ?
did you see the board ?
no no no the first part .
what do you think ?
i did it for you .
you did not have to .
i think she is efficient .
i had not noticed .
i think it is inappropriate to date someone you work with .
i think you should date kelly .
uh , she work in the annex .
you are also welcome to date toby .
I have seen this kid before .
he is one the kid who sneak on my farm and steal my hemp .
we are a paper company .
the best paper company in the whole wide world .
what did you just call him ?
what did you say ?
i can make him talk , michael .
i do not like you , but because some town in switzerland say so , you have right .
it is just ice , it will melt all over the floor .
if you are going number one you have got ten more second !
I am just scaring him .
the trick is to make him think you are going to do something to him .
shut up , or I am going to punch you in the throat !
you had to , what other choice did you have ?
what will you do ?
so , I am paying full price ?
here we go , sixty-five .
there is two more .
oh , i assume I am going to be reimbursed for the pizza .
and i spent so much time in scranton and i never sold any paper .
i started a fire with my cheese pita .
i date indian girl .
now I have got a beard , and i can do whatever i want , and I am your bos .
i do not get that , i do not understand that .
yeah , let u go .
it is called being a man .
you should try it sometime .
i wa born a man , halpert .
i stopped shaving because my girlfriend broke up with me .
am i in pain ?
but I will tell you something , i thrive in pain .
to me , pain is not pain at all .
it is pure pleasure .
and i hate pleasure .
almost a much a i love pain .
so , yeah , I am in pain .
the way i see it , it is getting late , and the only thing standing between you and a warm bed is my friend 's pizza discount .
oh , so that is how it is going to be .
well , i can stay here all night if i have to .
I have done it before .
dunder mifflin , dwight schrute .
schrute farm , guten tag .
how can i help you ?
yes , we have availability on those night .
how many in your party ?
oh no , I am sorry , no king bed .
well , we make our own mattress that do not conform to the traditional size .
closest would be twin .
thank you so much for calling .
none of your business , jim .
it is not a b and b. agrotourism is a lot more than a bed and breakfest .
it consists of tourist coming to a farm , showing them around , giving them a bed , giving them brekafest .
I am not telling you anything .
dwight schrute , dunder mifflin .
okay , this is a mis-use of company phone .
where did you read that ?
trip advisor is the life blood of the agrotourism industry .
a couple of bad review there , you might a well close up shop .
that is what took down the stalk inn .
one of the cutest little asparagus farm you will ever see .
how many in your party ?
we offer tour of the field , and of the barn .
uh , perhaps you will be interested in , um , mose 's table making demonstration ?
one cardigan , one sleeping cardigan and one sleep apnea mask .
you took that with you .
i wa recently scrubbing my room of memory , and i did not see it there .
my girlfriend and i broke up recently .
and i must say , i am relieved .
give me a chance to sow my wild oat .
in the schrute family , we have a tradition , where when the male ha sex with another woman , he is rewarded with a bag of wild oat left on his door step by his parent .
you can use these oat to make oatmeal , bread , whatever you want .
i do not care , they are your oat .
we have three room , each with a different theme .
american , irrigation , and night-time .
I will put you down for irrigation .
well then , do you have any special need or diertary restriction ?
jim , come on .
here we are , the irrigation room !
a very special room .
so I will come get you before the table-making demonstration .
and a of this morning , we are completely wireless here in schrute farm .
but a soon a i find out where mose hid all the wire , we will get that power back on .
mose , what are you doing ?
put the -- put the manure down !
do not throw it !
do not throw it !
and harry saw the white hand raise it wand , and felt voldemort 's surge of vicious anger .
saw the frail old man on the floor write in agony .
`` harry ? '' it wa over quickly a it had come .
harry stood shaking in the darkness , clutching the gate in the garden , his heart racing .
did you have another nightmare ?
i thought you were mose .
is everything satisfactory with your stay ?
well I will look into that in the morning .
thank you for bringing that to the attention of the staff .
i am better than you have ever been or ever will be .
I am glad you enjoyed your stay .
uhh-mmm no you did not .
mmm-uh-mm hello , this is dwight schrute calling from dunder-mifflin , and according to our record you appear to be low on office supply .
okay , sure , yeah i can take care of that right now .
no , i do not know .
what ... i wa aware that you were speaking .
what is the matter with ... me ?
I am ... discombobulated .
unless you mean gonorrhea .
yes , i did , 'cept i do not think she mean it .
angela is in a great deal of pain because of the death of her cat , and she is in a kind of a grieving process , and it make her say thing .
so ... best to just lay off .
stay out of this , you !
yeah , go ahead and stop .
you guy , you should really be looking , he is working his as off over here .
okay , go ahead , they are right .
second life is not a game .
it is a multi-user virtual environment .
it doe not have point or score , it doe not have winner or loser .
i signed up for second life about a year ago .
back then my life wa so great that i literally wanted a second one .
in my second life i wa also a paper salesman and i wa also named dwight .
absolutely everything wa the same .
except i could fly .
we can not talk about this ... because , someone might hear u .
angela can stay the same , but we will change andy to dwight .
andy , i can not hear this right now .
she called you d ?
oh d. oh d. we had already applauded .
he look like your twin .
i will not need to because we will be together playing hooky .
egg dripping , blah , blah , blah .
well , gee , jim , i do not know , i guess there is no sale call today .
no communication with the outside world jim .
oh no , that is too bad .
yeah , come on , it will be so badass .
come on , i already filled the bottle with the gas , it is going to be so badass .
I am peeing in this empty can .
well you said that we could not make anymore stop , and i really had to go .
hey , you are making me spray !
i think i cut my penis on the lid !
and if we have to defend ourselves , i will stab the security guy in the eye with the jumbo chalk .
then I will grind up the jumbo chalk and blow it in his eye .
move , move , move , move !
we are climbing some stair .
I am breathing heavily .
well ... there is a security guard coming by .
hello , we are warehouse worker .
would you like more proof ?
i can see the security guard 's eye .
i have to do something to his eye .
the eye are the groin of the head .
do not leave u !
do not leave u , help u , we need help jim !
I am losing control of my bladder .
did you say karen ?
do not tell karen about the industrial copier .
listen lady , you can expect these kind of repercussion a long a you keep trying to poach our people .
then we will burn utica to the ground .
i wanted to sit next to you .
okay , that is so mean !
you know what , I am not going .
pam is down for anything .
we shoulda brought andy .
i cut a chunk out of my penis for nothing .
I am on it .
let u see if any of these will work .
i keep various weaponry strategically placed around the office .
i saved jim 's life with a can of pepper spray i had velcroed under my desk .
people say , `` oh , it is dangerous to keep weapon in the home or the work place . '' well i say , `` it is better to be hurt by someone you know accidentally , than by a stranger on purpose . '' do i believe that michael posse the skill to survive in a hostile environment ?
let u put it this way : no , i do not .
no , i would never leave you for dead .
you would never escape .
i would make sure that you were dead .
first , i would remove your teeth and cut off your fingertip so you could not be identified .
and they would call me the overkill killer .
what are you doing ?
it would be better if you were unconscious .
do you want to do this right or not ?
just the two of u here we go , into the wild .
can you smell the tree and the nature ?
keep going , you are fine .
just some bush and some thicket keep going .
you wanted wilderness , you got it .
good a spot a any .
I am just -- spin .
I am trying to confuse your sense of direction .
here is your knife .
here is your duct tape .
good luck , michael .
i lied to michael .
i said that i would leave him alone , but i will not .
i will remain close by to provide unseen moral support , but i will never help him .
i will let harm befall him .
i will even let him die .
but i will never let him lose his dignity .
michael is a man of great depth and passion .
i do not know what he is searching for out here .
i hope he find it .
about two more minute .
nothing to worry about .
just using the scope .
safety is ... on .
no , no michael !
get , get them out .
you wanted to see me ?
I am on it .
jim , michael 's office .
and this ... is a hassenfass .
one side , a sharp a you would ever want something to be .
the other side serrated for maximum damage .
this is a fine precision instrument .
do not you want a sheath for that ?
flint ... parka ... tent , rainfly , gorp ... mmmnnnnmmm ... thank you michael .
michael , what time should i be arriving ?
doe it bother me that i wa not invited to michael 's dinner party ?
we came here to eat dinner and to party , this is a dinner party right ?
so can we come in ?
hmmm ... mmm ... great turkey leg .
angela , would you like some of my beet salad ?
hey hey hey hey .
i know you love beet salad .
I have seen you eat it many time .
purely carnal and that is all you need to know .
get out of my way , I will take care of this .
ok. uhhh what seems to be the problem officer ?
michael can come home with me .
you are sleeping with me .
I am going to take you home michael .
I will tell you about my ideal dinner party .
`` oh hey guy , welcome to my home .
oh , here come the waiter with the soup , hope you guy are hungry . '' meanwhile , the waiter suddenly nod at me .
but i do not acknowledge him .
but i know he is an assassin because i trained him .
two minute later , five dead psychopath at my dining room table .
all that is left to do is dispose of the body and collect the reward .
ugh , it is almost too easy .
michael 's dinner party is for couple only , which is why i wa not initially invited .
but that wa then .
i very recently entered into a serious , monogamous relationship .
if that idiot ever get here .
ok , i have collected the rest of the lady .
michael , you should not have to settle .
this is my pledge to you .
i will find her and i will bring her to you and a god a my witness , she shall bear your fruit .
thank you , thank you very much .
this is just what i needed .
the furniture company gave me the name of the advertising agency .
they gave me the name of the photographer .
the photographer , a spaniard , used a wilkes-barre modeling agency .
the agency gave me the following information .
142 south windsor lane .
she wa so young and now she is dead .
a dead a every dead animal who ha ever died .
why do not you sit down ?
michael ... come on .
jim , how dare you .
you know what you need ?
there wa a woman in your life who affected you very deeply , and she left before you could say good bye .
i think you need to say good bye .
i guess you could say she died of blunt force trauma and blood loss .
she got in a car accident and plowed into the side of an airplane hanger .
she wa stoned apparently .
you wait until next year 's chair catalog come out and you find someone who is still alive .
rhythm and blue ... okay , so look that over , make sure it is accurate .
your bill , minus the ten percent dunder mifflin corporate discount .
you occupied the america room for six week .
that is our most popular room .
because you were in the america room .
in an election year .
we do not take debit card , anyway .
you have got a ton of dandruff .
hey michael , how wa your date last night ?
why am i being forced to come in tomorrow and pretend that a website made sale that i made ?
i do not understand why our website ha to have social networking at all .
no , single only , single only .
also three is unlucky .
woman look like white slave .
you resemble a tolkien character .
no , no , no .
not a wizard , a hobbit .
do you live in a regular sized house ?
well it is weevil season but we were prepared .
they lay their egg inside the unripe beet root , then come spring time the baby eat their way out .
you have already been several time .
maybe you have some kind of bladder infection .
I will order you some cranberry juice .
do you have power ?
how did you all find each other ?
ok , wai , wai , wai , wait , wait .
you two , jersey state girl , let u go .
ok. you know what , fine .
let u go , two girl to a guy .
come on , let u do it .
ok , three or four with him .
let u go , c'mon .
wait , wait a minute , what is this , i did not order this ?
it is not safe .
anything could have been in there .
i do , i have to go .
no , i have to go .
good luck against conn college , alright ?
I am not going to call her .
do you want me to sing you a song my mother used to sing me , when we were sick ?
it is a lullaby .
i think his specie might have a higher tolerance than ours .
ok. good night ryan .
i am so sorry .
I am so sorry , sir .
that will come out of the upholstery .
he threw up in the back of the taxi .
he went to the bathroom at the club like fifteen time .
friend with a hobbit .
force it in a deep a you can .
andy and angela seem very happy ... i hope nothing horrible ever happens to them .
uh , bumper 's sagging .
this car 's crap .
i will buy it for next to nothing .
well , here are your option : you can sell it for part , drive it off a cliff ... you can donate it to a person that you would like to see die in a car crash , or , you can sell it to me , and I will use it a i would a wagon on my farm .
it will be towed by a donkey .
you knock $ 1500 of the price right now , and i will take it off your hand .
it is got to be now .
let u do it .
let u do this thing .
three , two , one- five , four , three , two ... now .
you will sell me this car .
jim is in charge of stanley only in sales-related matter , hence the green line-green for money-sales , get it ?
there is this yellow zigzag that doe give ryan the authority to discipline stanley ... however , in so doing , it zig past your name , hence zagging you and making you appear weak .
thus the yellow color .
well , there is the emergency disaster mode for the org chart .
this give me full authority over every single person in the office .
all you have to do it say it .
do not think , say it .
five , four , three , two ... do it .
michael ... i promise to give authority back to you when this crisis is over .
do it , michael .
hey , this office need a strong man .
so ... all right , well , you are going to have to deal with this yourself .
rocka doopa deepa do pow !
what is dwight up to ?
racka do do dee do-do do-do !
it is my car now .
yeah , well ... seller beware .
now if you will excuse me , I have got to monitor a three-way bidding war for my car on ebay .
I have got a madlib for you : a stupid , idiotic , numbskull named andy bernard sold his xterra to a smart and capable man named dwight .
this is shaping up to be an awesome day for dwight .
maybe he is going to church .
excuse me , people .
it ha come to my attention , some of you have forgotten , who is in charge here .
when michael is gone ... jim is in charge .
when jim is gone , andy and i are in charge .
when andy is gone you answer to me .
excuse me where do you think you are going ?
oh no , no , no .
you are not leaving .
stanley , do not walk out that door !
if you walk out that door , so help me , i will - he left .
last time i checked , the american workday end at five pm .
you will all stay at your desk until that time .
or , you will suffer the consequence .
i will tell on you .
michael , i know you are swamped .
i just thought you should know that everyone in the office ha left , except for angela and i. do not worry though , i have taken down their name , and i have docked them a personal day .
so ... what else is up ?
hello , this is dwight schrute .
jim , what are you doing ?
uh , uh , hang that up right now .
ha- this man is an imposter !
do not do business with him !
this is not dwight schrute !
I will just let it go to voicemail .
woah , woah , woah , pam !
you are not talking to dwight right now .
you are talking to jim .
pam , I am over here !
disconnect that right now .
you give me your earpiece .
okay , you know what ?
i will reprogram my phone to go to my office phone .
so what do we know about her ?
i hate her too .
because she ... stink ... with her ... way ... and her ... head .
would that be such a bad thing ?
but our , our elevator doe not require a pa ... have you been introduced to kevin ?
he is here on a special work program .
he is slow , you know , in his brain .
hazing is a fun way to show a new employee that she is not welcome or liked .
accounting department , listen up .
holly , human resource .
angela , oscar , and kevin .
you made me wrap it .
i thought it wa over the line .
i just- oh my gosh .
okay , here we go .
n-nothing you need to know the detail of .
n-no there is not .
it wa playful hazing .
it is not rabid .
come on , get it out .
well ... it is my own fault .
do not look at me .
on the counter you will find bread , peanut butter , and jelly .
pretend to make yourself a sandwich .
now , according to my source , you have an issue with the new h.r .
well , so do i. and so doe our secret benefactor .
that is too much peanut butter .
what i propose is a good old-fashioned hazing , and i need your help .
if you choose to accept this mission ... wipe the knife off before you stick it in the jelly .
have you ever made a sandwich before ?
the website is hiding , forming alliance with other site , preparing an attack for which we will have no defense .
yes , i do .
what are you doing here ?
welcome to our land .
can i get you a tankard of mead ?
troy , do you know anything about this ?
enough of your magical riddle !
from this point forward , you will not use the bathroom .
we need to keep our starting weight high so we can lose more .
no , no , no .
this is your last meal .
there will be no leftover .
take those home to your wife .
michael , it is time .
hit the scale , everybody .
right on that black platform .
one more bite of eclair each .
hold it in your mouth if you can not swallow .
pam is on the scale .
fax this for me .
it is not going to take her 10 minute to fax it , jim .
if i do not see you again , goodbye .
well , actually , I will see you when you give me the fax confirmation , so never mind .
we done good in there , half pint .
let u do this thing .
ok , can you turn the girl off please ?
I am trying to get some work done .
come on , bernard .
all right , we are set .
michael , we have a situation .
they should not be in that room .
not that guy who murdered his mother .
he wa not so handsome .
you are so busted !
happy birthday , stanley !
we only have a few week left .
and most of you are just a fat a the day we began .
i am hardly the problem , jim .
this is what I am going to do .
I am going to randomly select three name and these three people will get liposuction .
uhhhhh stanley , phyllis , kevin .
and you will be responsible for your own medical bill .
do you have a minute ?
I am really sorry ... about what i said before .
i wa way out of line .
but you know what , i want to make it up to you .
there is a sure fire sale , but it is a two man job .
and you burned over a thousand calorie walking home .
and this branch just got a little bit closer to winning the contest .
phyllis vance , lady and gentleman !
yeah , i took your purse .
what are you worried about ?
i can definitely see the difference .
no , no , no , it go , it go ... look , `` i say , i say , i say , I will sit on you ! '' vamping .
eh , I have been sitting all day .
she should thank me .
i apologize for creating a ruse which forced you to exercise .
yes , you do .
i do not say `` hi '' pam !
what are you writing about me ?
I am going to write you both up for not working .
ok , well played .
neither of u 'll write the other up for not working .
what are you smiling about there smiley pant ?
look what just arrived from the nashua branch .
`` here is something to enjoy on your three non-vacation day .
nashua branch . '' can i send them a dead deer ?
i sleep in , putter around the farm , go fishing for a few hour , take a long run in the forest , check the trap .
then the sun come up and i head into work , which is empty , because everyone else is out of town on vacation .
oh , you wish .
hellboy 's a hero .
no sitting device , michael 's rule .
will you be able to milk with those implant ?
easy there , old girl .
she wa a keeper .
she is not a virgin , you know .
i got it , i got it .
what should we be working on while you guy are talking ?
it is a trick question .
the bread is poisoned .
also , it is not your real family .
you have been cuckolded by a stronger , smarter male .
what are you doing ?
oh , so wait a minute , you are going to time me every time i yawn ?
oh hey look , monkey know how to use a stopwatch everybody !
he is ti -- there is no way that that wa -- ok. none of your business .
yes , maybe I am not .
contraction are coming every ten minute .
my cervix is ripening .
my water 's breaking !
what do you do ?
what do you do ?
highway or surface road ?
no , gibson is covered in pothole .
your car break down .
it is about adapting to the circumstance .
baby are one of my many area of expertise .
growing up , i performed my own circumcision .
I am screaming , I am screaming , I am screaming !
i do not want natural !
do you have the sharpie ? !
do you have the sharpie ? !
when the baby emerges , mark it secretly in a kind of a mark that only you could recognize and no baby snatcher can ever copy .
who is sarah kayacombsen ?
oh no ... jan had the baby and michael wa not there to mark it .
so the baby could be anybody 's .
twelve hundred dollar for a stroller ?
twelve hundred dollar is what i spent on my whole bomb shelter .
for that kind of money , this stroller should be indestructible .
do not hit the fence .
oh no , my child !
do not get stuck on the barbed wire !
i like to call this ... the bumper test .
i took the liberty of putting it in your trunk .
hello , spoiled little baby , in your fancy brand name stroller .
mmm , i wonder if it is a safe a they say it is .
oh , look , a curb .
uh oh , let u see what happens ... inconclusive .
spartan would leave a weak baby by the side of the road .
my parent left me beside the road .
not so weak , huh , mom ?
gosh , mommy feel like taking a jog .
mommy forgot to wear a bra , and her big fake boob are really hurting her , and she need to let go , she can not control the stroller any longer let u see what this baby can do ... aaaah !
it is a hardy stroller .
maybe it is safe !
you set a date ?
you got a better way ?
i know none of that .
if i did , you would be the last to know .
she introduced me to so many thing .
pasteurized milk , sheet , monotheism , present on your birthday , preventative medicine .
i wa talking to myself .
i just do not get it .
why is she marrying andy ?
that is really fattening .
look like a classic seven-man job .
okay , security tape were stolen , motives-financial , or possible , vintage hp computer collector .
hank down at security had clocked out .
and that is all we have .
i know she love me , phyllis .
i am sure of it .
she practically told me so .
are you sure that is going to work ?
wait , this is not our floor .
dwight ... listen to me close .
because I am only going to say this once .
you either break off your engagement with that singing buffoon , apologize , and then date me , or you can say good-bye to this .
i said i wa only going to say this once .
you have until 6:14 pm .
hey phyllis , someone let the air out of your tire .
i had to get your attention .
this is an emergency .
listen , she ignored my ultimatum .
I have moved on .
now how do i get her back ?
wait , that is it ?
that is your advice ?
i thought you had some kind of big master plan .
you are trying to secure your place a head of the party-planning committee .
you are just being selfish .
and you slap like a girl .
what did phyllis do wrong ?
I will tell you what phyllis did wrong .
she stuck her nose into my business and tried to help me .
300 and one penny .
350 and one penny .
400 and one penny .
500 and one penny .
700 and one penny .
eh , it is not worth it .
hm mm mm mm .
want to see a magic trick ?
I am going to make a pencil disapp- oh !
thought I would go casual today .
how are you phyllis ?
no i get it .
and uh , i just want to assure you , that i mean no disrespect .
you see , I am applying !
well if somebody who barely out-sells phyllis , can get in , i should be fine .
i meant that a a compliment to you phyllis , a well a a slight to andy .
cornell is a good school , and i want to better myself through higher education .
if it make andy angry , so be it .
so uh , how do you think we are going to do against penn this year ?
nathan ford 's arm look pretty strong .
cornell is an excellent school .
without it agricultural program , we probably would not have cabbage .
at least not modern cabbage .
someday , we will both get together in comstock hall and just laugh about all of this .
andy , let u just talk about this man-to-man , after work .
what do you say ?
andy , I have been meaning to ask you , which a cappella group should i join ?
the harmoniacs , or the do-re-mi-go 's ?
that is a conflict of interest .
hmm , interviewing skill , sub-par .
on the contrary , I am helping cornell .
by evaluating their interviewer .
well , when they get my evaluation we will see if they are interested .
`` interviewer is threatening applicant with an arbitrary review process . '' `` interviewer ha suspect motif . '' `` interviewer ha turned off applicant 's interest in cornell , and they are going to go to the vastly superior dartmouth . '' ever heard of it ?
i think i have everything i need .
and you will be hearing from the - -cornell application department , and you will not be pleased with the result .
and your affiliation with cornell - will end completely !
that is all sir , you may go .
where did you get those ?
i see what you are doing .
but i do not know where you are going with this .
you once told me that andy and i had different strength .
well , he can not do what i can do .
i can get into cornell , but he doe not know how to make food and shelter from a golden retriever .
no , but it will make you respect him le .
i heard someone got engaged , you dog , huh ?
oh , nothing can hurt you now .
you are a man in love !
what doe it say ?
i sell more paper than anyone .
wait , is this a joke ?
I am getting that queasy feeling that sometimes accompanies joke .
no , but that is sometimes part of it .
i can not see myself .
what are you mumbling about ?
none of your business .
those can not be my score , jim .
for your information -- I am being sabotaged .
and I am going to find that person and punish them .
you are an idiot .
i did not say anything what do you think i am saying to you ? !
I have caught jim talking to himself several time today .
get a friend , loser .
all right , fine .
hello , this is dwight schrute from the dunder mifflin paper company .
excellent , then you are in luck , because we are having a limited-time offer only on everything .
what is your name , sir ?
really , that is your real name ?
no , but i -- oh , no .
sorry , mr. buttlicker .
a i wa saying , we are having a limited- ok , a i wa saying , right now we are having -- ok , our price have never been lower .
... never been lower !
our price have never been lower !
he -- please , mr. buttlicker -- please give me another chance .
i have to put you on with my bos .
you are the master .
do not do it , michael .
they might be listening to u .
they might be listening to u you never know .
better safe than sorry .
who stand to benefit from our downfall ?
could be the mob .
but then dunder-mifflin would need to be a front for money laundering , and there is little evidence of that .
i do not know .
two , maybe three if one wear out .
how many shoe do you need ?
who are you talking to ?
she is not here , jim .
wait , shut up .
do you hear that ?
i still hear it .
kelly , is that you ?
i think you know .
what are you up to , girl ?
phyllis put you up to this ?
are they paying you ?
of course i am .
i know you are the mastermind , but you are too stupid to do it by yourself .
ok. the reason that i got bad customer review is because i did not !
there is a massive conspiracy going on here , and i know you are involved .
oh , man , i knew it .
who are her co-conspirators ?
i wa -- i wa right .
i knew it the whole time , buddy !
kelly the whole time .
let u get her .
let me paint you a picture of a little girl from southern india , who despite being welcomed into this country will now spend the rest of her life in prison for a crime she did commit .
oh , come on .
you juked the stats , cupcake .
we have our confession .
I am calling security .
i want to be here when you fire her as .
is that the matsuhashi b-400 ?
the world 's tiniest bluetooth ?
congratulation on choosing schrute farm for your wedding .
why do not you look over some of our material ?
while i describe to you the excalibur package .
in addition to the breathtaking natural beauty and smell of schrute farm , i can promise you that our ground can be catered to fit your exact specification .
i will work tirelessly for you over the coming month and be at your constant disposal .
please feel free to call or stop by , any time of the day or night .
while you , my good friend , have nothing more to worry about .
this wedding is officially out of your hand .
ok. you already said deal .
what do i do with my bonus check ?
purchase paper from myself .
boost my sale , which boost my bonus .
last year i bought even more paper to make this year 's bonus even bigger .
eventually , I will get a bonus so big i can retire on it .
and I will use the paper to write my memoir .
my job is to manipulate the customer into buying paper .
in return , they give me money .
i am the predator and they are the prey .
would a mouse give a positive review to a hawk ?
should the hawk even care ?
excuse me , I have got work to do .
hey , what are you laughing at ?
are you laughing at me ?
how is that funny ?
what are you really laughing at ?
there is no way you are laughing at this .
it is good to be paranoid .
people need to be more paranoid .
case in point , jfk .
if i had been jfk , i would have seen all three gunman .
i would have pulled out my concealed luger and fired first .
man in book depository , boom !
grassy knoll , boom !
fake jackie , boom !
then i shoot myself , so i do not change history and create a paradox .
but right at the last minute , i twist out of the way of the bullet .
nice try , history .
better luck next year .
major pharmaceutical do not want you to know that beet juice ha medicinal value both a an aphrodisiac and a laxative .
the scranton zoning board ha a strong bias against beet farmer .
the mayor is in the pocket of big lettuce .
battlestar galactica is not a documentary exactly .
the book all the president 's men is about a conspiracy , just not the one people think .
jesus had a daughter , and she wa the mona lisa .
what we have come to know a fake crab meat is in fact real crab meat , and real crab meat is lobster .
wait , why do you need three suitcase ?
do you have your money belt ?
no , no , no , no , no .
you want to wear that puppy right up on the breastbone like a bra .
here , let me help you .
do you want to get robbed in a foreign country ?
i wash my hand of this .
who is that monkey ?
oh , well , doe not surprise me .
have you seen her painting , jim ?
there are shadow coming from two different direction .
are there two sun ?
last i checked , that is not an office building in the andromeda galaxy .
it is totally unrealistic .
there are no line in the parking lot .
i need you to make five copy of these .
first thing in the morning then .
pastry cube made of sugar and fat ?
no thank you , I will stick with my jerkie .
also , it is icky back there .
okay , fireable offense include : workplace violence and sexual harassment .
i love catching people in the act .
that is why i always whip open door .
okay i am the bait .
men find me desirable .
oh , it is a good day too .
I am wearing my mustard shirt .
men find me desirable .
those are fighting word .
i hope he doe not haul off and just hit you .
hit him , chicken .
come on , man ?
punch him a hard a you possibly can in the face .
are you really not going to punch him ?
i thought you were going to parcel those out through the day there is still one thing we could do to get toby fired .
frame him , for using drug .
yeah , it is illegal , but ... everything they do on the shield is illegal .
oh I have framed animal before .
i framed a raccoon for opening a christmas present .
and i framed a bear for eating out of the garbage .
yes , i repeat a drug dealer is on the premisis of dunder mifflin .
his name is toby flenderson and he recently returned from a mysterious vacation in central america .
i have risked a great deal to tell you this information .
my name is andy bernard .
andrew bernard , that is my name .
hey i got this , okay ?
hello , officer , dwight schrute , former volunteer sheriff 's deputy .
listen , i may have inside information that someone is hiding drug in this very office .
officer , i reveal to you the perpetrator .
they do not need your permission , flenderson , they have got the company 's permission .
save your whining for the jury there , flenderson .
so wait a minute , there is no drug ?
wait , officer , are you sure you do not want to interrogate him ?
you have law that protect you in any kind of interrogation .
why do not you use them ?
what is my perfect crime ?
i break into tiffany 's at midnight .
do i go for the vault ?
no , i go for the chandelier .
a I am taking it down , a woman catch me .
she tell me to stop .
it is her father 's business .
we make love all night .
in the morning the cop come and i escape in one of their uniform .
i tell her to meet me in mexico but i go to canada .
i do not trust her .
besides , i like the cold .
thirty year later , i get a postcard .
i have a son and he is the chief of police .
this is where the story get interesting : i tell tiffany to meet me in paris , by the trocadero .
she is been waiting for me all these year ; she is never taken another lover .
i do not care , i do not show up .
i go to berlin .
that is where i stashed the chandelier .
yeah , do tell .
how could it be more clear ?
we will dig a trench .
a long a it is downhill from the well , we should be fine .
well we are not going to put out stump , come on .
this is where you will have your receiving line .
of course we will clear out all the livestock and hay and such .
you are going to need to be more specific .
manure cover up the small of the slaughterhouse .
you want to eat , do not you ?
... I will consider it .
there is a hose out back .
have you made a decision on the butter sculpture ?
cow , goat or sheep .
it is not that hard .
cat do not make butter .
it doe not make any sense .
cow , goat or sheep .
here is another place .
so ... why do not we try this out , we will see what would happen .
give it a little test drive , what do you say ?
you pretend to be angela 's father , you will play angela , and uh , i will pretend to be you .
that way you can see what it look like when you are up here .
he doe not understand a word you are saying .
although born just minute from here , he speaks only german .
so , now , after the reading by all of your sister , we will arrive at the vow .
so , konrad ... and away we go .
this is a little taste of the ceremony , if you will .
he is explaining why we are here , what we are doing here , making introduction , blah blah blah ... then he is going to have andy repeat a bunch of stuff .
he is going to ask andy to produce a ring .
i have uh , now just uh ... just some twine for our purpose , and you will put the ring on her finger .
yadda yadda , then he is going to ask andy , uh , if he would like to marry angela .
and you will reply , `` i do . '' and then he is going to ask angela if she would like to marry andy , to which you will reply ... and there we go .
okay , and that is just about it .
i know you did .
and that is why i have taken care of everything .
well monkey , he is a real minister .
and you said , `` i do . '' and i said , `` i do . '' and andy wa not signing a receipt ; he wa signing our marriage certificate a a witness .
yes , of course it doe .
it doe in the state of pennsylvania .
haha , mrs. schrute .
wha ... my ... it is not my fault you do not understand german ; I have been telling you to take it for year !
you are so pathetic .
how long did this take you ?
yeah , no such thing .
they do not give out black belt for thing that are stupid .
well , i hope it wa worth it , because I am going to take it apart in about five minute .
if i can skin a mule deer in le than ten minute , i ought to be able to cut my -- these are not doll , jim .
same a gold or oil .
every year i do research to determine which toy will be the most popular of the christmas season .
this year it is a doll .
half girl , half unicorn .
catchphrase : `` my horn can pierce the sky '' .
i bought out every store in the area over the last couple of week .
and a lazy parent become desperate i will sell them for an enormous profit .
is not that right princess ?
i am simply punishing those parent that would wait till the last minute to get their child a gift .
and such a genetically improbable one .
how doe that happen ?
king ha sex with a unicorn ?
man with a horn ha sex with a royal horse ?
oh , so glad i could help .
we got a live one !
no , i like meredith .
actually , i do not care for meredith , but i do not believe in this kind of thing .
in the schrute family we believe in a five fingered intervention .
awareness , education , control , acceptance and punching .
i stab her in the brain with a wooden stick .
there are several way to kill a zombie , but the most satisfying one is to stab it in the brain with a wooden stick .
oh , a fire marshal i would have to .
she is a hazard to the other people of the office .
i suppose i could do it if it wa a controlled burn in a well ventilated area .
oh right , that will take a couple of week .
oh , that is my last one .
well do not look so surprised .
i wa just jogging .
you can not take what ?
you can not do that .
it should not come from you .
seems like you already know where .
trade seat with me .
I have got a better angle on pam .
i can see everything .
i need a soup spoon .
rule 17 : do not turn your back on bear , men you have wronged , or the dominant turkey during mating season .
there are forty rule all schrute boy must learn before the age of five .
you better learn your rule .
if you do not , you will be eaten in your sleep .
you have got to tell andy about u .
get it over with .
then we do not have to hide anymore .
do you love me or not ?
because you are engaged to andy .
angela said she wa going to tell him .
she is just not ready .
i do not know .
michael , once this get out ... i do not know how it is going to go down .
have a good trip .
if I am sitting , i can not disable his neck or his groin .
if I am sitting , i do not have the option to .
she broke up with you .
uh , no way .
i am not giving up .
no i do not .
well i do not know about that , because she certainly seems to enjoy making lovemaking with me .
will never be her name .
i do not think so .
and I am telling you that i will never back down .
how are you going to do that ?
that is very general , and doe not scare me in the slightest .
the winner get angela .
what is your weapon ?
hey , this is none of your business .
none of your business then .
i will use a sword and i will cut off your bare hand .
i will also be talking my break at the exact same time and in the same location .
how did that get there ?
let u do this thing !
come on , coward !
where ... `` from the desk of andrew bernard . '' a note .
`` dear dwight , by now you have received my note .
you are no doubt wondering why i have left this note .
it ha come to my attention that in any physical match with you , i would surely be bested . '' true .
`` the soft underbelly of my refined upbringing is my soft underbelly ... '' ala , after much consideration and deliberation ... whoa !
get out and face me like a man !
you are not a man !
you do not know how to take care of her !
all you do is dress fancy and sing .
`` la la la la la la la la la la ! '' what doe that mean ?
you can not even protect her !
last year , idiot !
my right one 's falling asleep a little bit .
yeah , back off .
this is not your fight .
oh , how much is this going to cost ?
trust fund will take care of that !
i sa- sasquatch are the strongest animal on the planet !
so fine , call me a sasquatch !
she is sleeping with you ?
she said she wa only sleeping with me .
it wa not here before .
no , it is going in a different direction then the other wire .
what if the owner of prince family paper ha a beautiful daughter and we have to seduce her in order to get their secret ?
no , i want to seduce her .
please michael , please .
you will fall in love with her .
okay , let u go over the plan again .
i am a paper salesman looking for a new job .
i find out everything about their expense and salary .
then we meet at the denny 's ... ... and then we compare note .
you know how i feel about ihop .
I will have a cup of a coffee .
store only ha three employee .
it mean they are not expanding .
no because their sign is centered perfectly above their store .
no sign of the sign being moved .
it lunch time , and no sign of anyone coming in or out .
which mean they are not taking new customer out to lunch .
which mean they are not acquiring new business .
so once again no growth .
oh , it would if they were all cumulous and not cirrostratus .
get your cloud right .
so you go in now , i am going to go in exactly ten minute .
we have never met each other .
we are complete stranger .
also , we are going to need a signal to bolt out of there if there is danger .
lick ur lip , try it .
no , no like this .
hello , i would like to apply for a job .
why do not you just get rid of this guy ?
I am your son now ; you can visit him on holiday .
dwight schrute , I am a paper salesman at a second tier paper company called dunder mifflin .
I am the top salesman there and I am looking for a new challenge .
i would say you guy have what , 40 high full volume client ?
pshaw , that is nothing .
I have 90 client myself .
you had better look out , someone might run you out of business .
my bos , his insensitivity might border on cruel .
this is a man who doe not listen to the need his underling .
it is going very well .
excuse me sir , i took the bus here and wa wondering if i could catch a ride home with you in your car .
thank you very much .
thank you for your time i look forward to getting your call .
all their top client i can not believe it .
someone is looking out the window .
go go , peel out , go .
you drove over that .
go back that is not good .
oh man , not good .
you have done more then you can possibly know .
he drove over the divider and then backed over it and caused the .. how much longer is this going to take ?
this is disgusting , what is it this , instant ?
i look forward to hearing from you about that job application .
goodbye prince family , should be called the sucker family .
here you go shark , let me fix your fin for you and sharpen your teeth while I am at it .
it simple , david would use that information to destroy them .
they could do better .
I am not familiar with that expression , it doe not make sense , of course I am alive .
michael , you have to .
have you ever seen a lioness devour it cub ?
have you ever seen a baboon devour it mate ?
have you ever seen a raccoon devour a squirrel ?
your heart is a wonderful thing , michael .
but it ha made some terrible decision .
yeah , save your heart for love , and use your brain for business , right ?
if we do not do this to prince paper , someone else will .
worse yet , someone else will do it to u .
there wa a terrible war , ugh , so many died .
far too many died .
but if frodo had not destroyed the ring , then goodness itself might have died .
good , so , where are you going ?
where are you taking the client list ?
michael , michael , no .
michael , give that .
michael , do not do this .
freeze , give me the list !
no no no , i can not let you do this !
it business , not personal .
it over , michael , it over .
guess whose stock just went up , golden boy ?
last week i gave a fire safety talk .
and nobody paid any attention .
it is my own fault for using powerpoint .
people learn in a lot of different way , but experience is the best teacher .
today , smoking is going to save life .
doe anyone smell anything smoky ?
what is the procedure ?
what do we do , people ?
oh , how did that happen ?
no , we do not know that .
the smoke could be coming through an air duct .
what is the procedure , everyone ?
what is the procedure ?
wait , wait , wait .
if it is hot , there could be a fire in the hallway .
not a viable option .
okay , what is next ?
here is a door .
check that one out .
how is the handle ?
well , uh , another option .
back to our option .
thing can be replaced , phyllis !
people , human life , however , can ... okay , let u go .
calm , please have you ever seen a burn victim ?
where do we go folk ?
wha- use a what to cover the mouth ?
a damp rag , perhaps .
let u remember those procedure .
what are the option ?
okay , that is the wrong way .
we have already tried that .
remember your exit point .
911. use the surge of fear and adrenaline to sharpen your decision-making .
employee of dunder mifflin !
this ha been a test of our emergency preparedness .
there is no fire .
it wa only a simulation .
this wa merely a training exercise .
so , what have we learned ?
it is not real stanley .
do not have a heart attack .
a lot of idea were not appreciated in their time .
i just want to say for the record , i did not kill anyone .
stanley wa attacked by his own heart .
and he should be released from the hospital and back in the office in a couple day .
yes i shouted `` fire ! `` .
i shouted many thing !
i also shouted instruction on how to get out of the building , so you can imagine my frustration a safety officer when nobody would heed of what- heeded- when no one hedded- n-no one would take hedded of my instruction .
so , you- and , well , i do not see my co-workers- hee-heeding this right now .
well ... i guess we papered over that pretty nicely .
it always amuses me when corporate think they can make some big change with a twenty minute meeting in some fancy high-rise .
what is the matter ?
do not you worry about that .
i got it covered .
i am planning a bomb scare that should really get the blood pumping .
this is a farce .
i should be teaching this course .
absolutely i would not .
okay , he is dead .
anyone know what we do next ?
check for an organ donor card .
if he ha one , we only have minute to harvest .
get me some ice and a styrofoam bucket .
we search for the organ .
where is the heart ?
i did not think it wa very realistic in the movie and it turn out , it is pretty realistic .
`` i state my regret . '' i could not , because i do not feel it .
i am going to need you to sign this statement of regret a an acknowledgement that you heard it .
everyone come on up here .
it is not a big deal .
i filled him full of butter and sugar for 50 year and forced him not to exercise .
now , take a lesson from stanley and jog on up here and sign this , okay ?
just form a line right here .
nothing stress me out .
except having to seek the approval of my inferior .
speaking of which ... may i have your attention please ?
sign in , sign in on the sign in sheet , the clipboard .
this meeting is mandatory , if you do not sign in your name will not be counted .
that wa the last signature i needed .
how dare you all attack him like this .
michael is your superior .
okay , you should be bowing down in front of him .
ok , no , they do not understand who they have ... you are interrupting me .
I am trying to get your back .
are you calling me an idiot ?
do not you ever talk to me that way .
you pathetic , short little man .
you do not have any friend , or any family , or any land .
it is very unusual for michael not to show up to work .
he is either deeply depressed , or an icicle ha snapped off his roof and impaled his brain .
he ha this terrible habit of standing directly underneath them and staring up at them .
and i always say michael , take two step back , and stare at the icicle from the side .
and he is like no , i like the way they look from standing directly underneath them .
attention everyone i just got a text from michael .
he say personnel day .
oh , that is quite a leap pam .
why are you wearing a turtleneck ?
excuse me , that is no way to address a superior .
go ahead , you do it .
what he said wa ... ... there wa a problem with having one head of the party planning committee .
she becomes too powerful , so he appointed two head .
i am a paper salesman , this is humiliating .
that is on my side .
if you say screw you one more time ... hey , hey .
what kind of cake do you want imbecile .
well , I am not done yet .
they match the carpet it is a statement of fact .
this is more professional .
it is not like she discovered a cure for cancer .
are you trying to hurt my feeling ?
because if so , you are succeeding .
fortunately , my feeling regenerate at twice the speed of a normal man 's .
have you collected the money from everyone ?
how much do you have ?
that is how much you and i contributed !
i ... damn it jim !
mose doe not know how to use a phone .
so joke 's on you .
37 . I will call you back .
i have here kelly kapoor 's personal and confidental file .
allow me to share .
`` kelly kapoor spent april 1995 to december 1996 at berk county youth center . '' juvie .
`` according to past employer , it in no way affect her job perfor ... '' blah , blah , blah .
what did you do ?
what did you do ?
what did you learn in there ?
i bet you learned thing , huh ?
like how to fashion a shiv , hmm ?
why do not you tell jim where you were from age 14 to 15. in juvie .
juvie ... nile ... detention center .
where they send teenager !
for reha- what did you do ?
yeah , if she is old enough to get married , she is old enough to follow the law .
what did you do ?
i thought you said yesterday wa your birthday !
nice job on the cake , bozo !
oh , my god .
is this how you are with pam ?
because she must want to shoot herself in the face .
I am a little busy .
it is not effeminate .
you have to write my suggestion down , too .
it is in the name .
you are right , forget horse hunting .
it wa dark , warm , wet .
a sudden burst of light .
an intense pressure like I would never felt before .
father , dressed in white , pull me forward .
mother bite the cord .
schrutes do not celebrate birthday , idiot .
it started a a depression-era practicality , and then moved on to an awesome tradition that i look forward to every year .
hey , you know what is even cooler than triceratops ?
every other dinosaur that ever existed .
hey , it is not a surprise .
our theme , if you will .
that is our theme .
so what is it going to be , kapoor ?
okay , nap it is !
we are going to be eating cake at our desk .
let u go , go , go , go , go .
okay , you have got one hour .
mm , great cake .
birthday time is over !
now go make up for all the work you missed when you were taking your nap .
so sexy it becomes hostile .
yeah , deal with it pam !
having trouble finding a vein ?
i train my major blood vessel to retract into my body on command .
also , i can retract my penis up into itself .
ok everyone , back to work .
what do you have in mind ?
oh god , that is a terrible idea .
lonely people mixing with one another ?
creating an even lonelier generation ?
ha , you are not allowing natural selection to do it work .
you are like the guy who invented the seat belt .
eh , it not that early .
I am ok. feel a little lopsided because of all the blood they took out of my right side .
why do not you introduce me to your little friend ?
i can untie any knot .
name a knot , any knot .
you should not believe everything you hear .
in fact , there are many knot that i can not untie .
so where doe a woman a charming a yourself find herself employed on a day such a today .
you must use a lot of paper .
... and the kind of discount we are talking about are not ... hold on - michael , why do you keep looking at the front door ?
is somebody after you ?
hey , it just take one !
oh , not likely .
3 billion woman on the planet , most of them live in asia so the number just do not add up .
so basically , the greater volume you decide to buy in , the greater discount we can give you .
ok , what is up ?
oh-oh-oh before you go , I would just love to get a firm commitment on this .
you know maybe sign- ok. well , thanks for wasting my time tonight , idiot .
i got a knock-knock joke .
ok , michael , please , please , please , please , please let me .
we will ask the question !
what are you doing ?
what are you doing ?
mine wa a part of my hilarious joke .
I am not answering it .
no way , it is the kgb .
I am not answering that .
I am not going to answer it , it is the kgb .
that wa your idea .
over and over again .
you were dressed a willy wonka so ... wa not my idea .
loved - but i can not .
you do not keep a diary .
michael scott came up with golden ticket idea to give five customer ten perfect off for one year .
to keep secret from my computer .
i wa not given candy a a child , so a movie that fetish-ized it that much , would have made no sense to me .
plus , we were not allowed to see movie .
so ... do the math .
had conversation with michael about taking credit for an idea that wa not mine .
with all my heart .
ok , what am i thinking right now ?
no ... how skin is the largest organ of the body .
oh , not going to happen .
i did fall on my sword once .
i wa running with it in my belt .
will not happen again .
what about shoe la la ?
i love working here and i do not want to leave .
well ... we discussed the fact that I am cooped up here instead of experiencing the whole wide world .
no plowing my own acre .
going around shirtless all day .
you know experiencing freedom .
i have not made a decision yet .
he said he would do the same for me .
I am going to go back to work .
after i write you up for insubordination .
david ... you are welcome .
that is what she said !
you never know when it is going to strike .
because I have got this idea ... alright .
ok guy , listen up .
here is the deal .
sweet sugary candy from the second it touch my tongue to the moment it is metabolized by my stomach acid , so naturally i liked willy wonka .
so i love willy wonka .
that golden ticket scene is so inspiring to me that that is where i cam up with that idea .
pam ... that is my idea .
it is my idea .
it is my idea .
I am filled with good idea .
thousand of good idea .
a canoe built around your horse so you can go from riding to water travel without slowing down .
oh give me a break .
that is because they are easy !
woman 's urinal ... uh ... yes , it is michael 's idea that he forced on me on threat of death .
in my own word .
when you are done , open the door .
... hello in there ?
we have more house to visit .
we will come back at ... how is 4:45 ?
very well , we will come back at 5:15. any really good headhunter would storm your village at sunset with overwhelming force and cut off your head with a ceremonial knife , do you want me to translate the german instruction for you ?
typical american ignorance that got u involved in a war we never should have been in .
deutsch ... let me see here .
that is either an incense dispenser , or a ceremonial sarcophagus .
my german is pre-industrial and mostly religious .
your own paper company .
right ... what a courageous venture .
location is hard for me , with the farm and the responsibility ... okay .
you know , i would love to put a pin in that .
this is how i breathe .
if you want to tell me - oh no !
the new bos doe not find jim adorable !
i had no idea you played soccer .
because you never , ever talk about it .
you can be so modest sometimes .
maybe you and charles should kick the soccer ball around .
maybe you will tonight after work .
what do you say ?
great idea are just part of what i bring to the table .
i do not try and be anything that I am not .
jim , what do you say ?
why would an experienced soccer player like yourself duck at the very last moment ?
who know how to throw an outfit together .
yes , i am taking andy hunting after work .
not long ago we were sexual competitor .
i used to hate him , hate him , hate him , hate him .
i studied him , to figure out why i hated him so much .
but that blossomed into a very real friendship , a these thing often do .
you know there is a ghost in this office a woman wa murdered on this very floor in 1816. haddie mcgonagle .
she wa a prostitute .
oh , this whole place used to be a brothel .
there wa a tavern on the ground floor .
yeah is not it ?
she wa bludgeoned to death by the business end of a riding crop .
they say she walk these hallway .
if you ever feel a tapping on your shoulder ?
that could be haddie .
begging for her life .
and it could mean , that you are next .
you finding everything okay ?
erin erin ... hey buddy .
hey buddy , what are you up to ?
listen , when i saw you talking to erin earlier , i noticed that your pupil dilated , and your skin flushed , and I am assuming , a little bit of blood rushed into your penis .
well , a little bit of blood rushed into mine a well , so where doe that leave u ?
and i , yours .
so i will cede her to you .
look i just want you and i to hang out so , you know .
oh it is good , you are coming along .
it is really technically proficient but really there is no heart or soul in it .
hey you want to sing with me ?
almost heaven ... in german !
leben ist dort alt , alter al die baume , junger al die berge , wie eine brise blasend take it andy !
take me home , to the place i belong , ba bah dah duh cherry pie , warrant .
enter sandman , metallica .
rebel yell , billy idol really ?
these sleeve are cutting off my circulation .
not enough blood getting to my hand .
doe not charles know he is compromising my attack readiness ?
it is not a dress code .
it is a death sentence .
'kay , thank you .
it is a straight jacket !
when michael wa in charge , this place wa like the roman empire .
and the wild west .
there wa just a lot going on , so what you wore to work wa the least of anybody 's worry .
and in that chaos , i soared .
ed 's tire is thinking of making a change .
they have some great kitchen idea .
it is small , i know .
wait , what is this ?
wh- i do not need $ 6 to help a friend .
michael , you know i can not take this .
but do not forget you owe me $ 10 .
you needed to speak to me ?
i prefer to stand .
do you mean compared to the way thing ran with other boss ?
your concern is noted .
i do not know that i can do that now .
you know , uh , something is come up .
no , mose is fine .
i roped it off .
it is not about mose .
listen , thing are changing here , michael , they are changing fast .
imagine ... someone ha a personal hero they really want to help .
but then there is this new guy .
very cool , very will smith-esque , who would not like it if he helped his hero .
good , do you see what I am saying ?
it is possible that i could be talking about u .
it is the situation that we are in now .
I am not a barbarian .
I have said too much .
I am sorry , michael i did , michael .
i wa upset about the shirt sleeve at first , but now I am okay with it .
i think you have the wrong number , michael .
mr. schofield , please ?
i have a long term relationship with harper collins publisher and mr. schofield .
I am not worried .
and you have bad skin .
oh , look everyone , we are all making observation !
and no , i can not lower my current price .
mr. schofield , thank you so much for taking the time to talk .
i wanted to discus your contract with us- oh , you are considering him .
i thought michael scott left the paper business after his nervous breakdown .
michael ha been talking to my biggest client .
master and apprentice pitted against one another for the fate of the greater scranton area paper market .
so it is not exactly like 'highlander , ' but still ... i would like to arrange a truce .
meet me in our spot in four minute .
you were making me do thing that were not all right .
and not come through for you ?
i want a truce .
let me take you and your whole company out for lunch at alfredo 's .
i had fish yesterday .
oh , hi , michael .
I am so sorry I am late .
i got stuck in traffic .
i hit a bear .
he is technically fine .
i imagine the true horror will be when he wake up in a zoo .
hey , listen , will you do me a favor and order the meatball parm for me , with extra cheese ?
ok , i will see you very soon , alright ?
did you enjoy your lunch ?
no , michael , you were sabotaged .
you think this is some kind of game ?
no , this is a war , and i will not stop , i will not rest .
you have no idea what kind of enemy you have created .
you have unleashed the wolf !
and i knew that you would do that .
the meatball parm is their worst sandwich !
i wa just calling to see if michael scott paper wa meeting all of your paper need , and how is brenda , age four , ponytail , and simon , age 7 ?
oh , you do not say .
and on the back he wrote , `` great salesman , better friend . '' `` tall '' and `` beet . '' and say hello to cheri , who is your black wife .
i see you are begging for mercy , huh ?
well , you will find none here .
that would be fine .
this is war and that is what happens .
do not let him in !
he is a traitor !
are you saying you invented paper ?
it is not the soil !
it is the manure !
paper is the manure !
on-time delivery is the soil !
april 13th , 2002. i barge because i care .
april 13th , 2002 , that is the date when you tried to switch paper provider for an obscure sociology textbook , but were hung out to dry when the price of glossy stock increased .
notice my persistence and recall .
you called dunder mifflin , and your order wa filled within an hour !
what he is not telling you is that he will abandon you .
thank you , mr. schofield , for your time .
oh , and tell me , um , how is your gay son ?
how is tom , the homosexual sophomore ?
it is not your fault .
some people just do not want to be inspired .
been there , done that .
hello , we have been expecting you , david wallace .
charles and i were waiting for you .
come along , afterthought .
yeah , make u look weak .
i say we fill michael 's office with bee .
my apiarist owes me a favor .
i use a bad apiarist .
idiot , we are starting back up .
this is dwight , by the way .
let me float something out there , okay ?
can i just say- can i say something ?
there is a hive of bee outside the front door .
we kidnap the queen , extract her alarm pheromone , place them on a flushable wipe , put that in his bathroom .
if only michael had child .
that is how you really apply the pressure .
why do not i do it , okay ?
I am the man for this job .
charles , you got my back on this ?
well , jerry , the one who got away .
may i ask why you are leaving the michael scott paper company ?
may i have your attention ?
the michael scott paper company is broke .
they have been calling all of their client and begging them to pay more money .
that can only mean one thing .
which can only mean one thing .
they are total failure .
you do not crack a case .
that ha pejorative connotation .
that is like calling a policeman a cop .
you solve a case , and yes , I have solved plenty .
I am going to answer charles first .
case of the beet bandit .
missing beet from all over the farm .
boom , case closed .
I am not- I am not following you .
wh- wh-what are you doing ?
yeah , are not we getting those client back ?
you were bought out .
so the company then bought out all of the stolen client .
trust me , stanley , you are going to want to read this memo very carefully .
this go for all of you .
believe me , you are going to want to heat my word .
when held over heat the invisible ink will reveal that everyone should meet at the warehouse immediately .
do not ask me where i got the invisible ink .
okay , what are you still doing at your desk ?
did you even read the memo ?
no , you idiot .
there is a code embedded in the memo .
listen , you need to round up all the salesman , except for ryan and pam , and get them down to the warehouse pronto .
stop doing rhyming poetry .
just tell them , please .
god , the simplest thing .
we are in crisis mode here , do you understand ?
the two unqualified so-called salesperson are being favored because they all failed together .
and frankly , I am not convinced that michael and pam did not have a thing going while they were gone .
no , you are too close .
stanley , how do you feel about those two taking your client ?
he doe not like it .
her face is okay , but- jesus !
what -what are you doing here ?
we need to do something .
I am thinking maybe a coup or we take ryan hostage .
no , I am not saying we do those thing .
I am saying something like those thing .
word will never be enough .
no , picture are too interpretive .
well , that-that is a great idea , jim .
oh , i totally see your point .
okay , we will talk to michael directly .
so uh , meeting is over , i guess .
I will see everyone upstairs .
now is the time for action .
I am talking action- lunch .
whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa .
give me the phone .
give me the phone .
that is my client .
give me the phone .
give me the phone .
tell him dwight schrute want to talk to him .
hi , mr. bart .
hey , it is dwight here .
give me the phone .
hey , do not hang up .
i know time are tough right now , and i laud your thriftiness .
[ slam phone down [ i can not believe you lost that account .
he wa my client for ten year !
you are a secretary !
what do you know ?
and you are a temp and I am taking your phone .
I am confiscating this .
we want our client back or we quit , michael .
no , we got to be deadly serious .
we will start our own paper company .
the schrute-bernard-lapin-vance ... stanley paper company .
are you talking about a secret meeting ?
i do not know that first thing about secret meeting .
I will do- I will do the best i can .
deceit doe not come easy to me .
listen up , flenderson .
you are being weak and ineffectual .
I am cowboying this meeting , okay ?
here are the new rule .
also , woman are forbidden to wear pant .
erin , how many time do i have to tell you ?
it is not necessary for you to ask u how we are doing every time you interact with u .
now , how can i help you ?
who here is planning a trip to youngstown , ohio ?
i will take your silence to mean that you are all hiding something .
this location is the superior court - it is a big deal .
because there is only a handful of reason why someone would ever go to a courthouse in ohio and not be charged with a crime .
to claim an inheritance from a deceased relative .
to obtain a learner 's permit at age 14 and a half instead of 15. erin , let me see your birth certificate .
all work and no play make michael a dull boy .
hey , hey , hey !
i got your text .
who tipped you over ?
back injury are common .
not a common a knee injury but more common than wrist injury .
what do you think history is ?
out of the way !
move it or lose it !
you want to get sick you go to the hospital .
I am going to need two able bodied men .
the shirt wa not doing you any favor .
if my assessment in correct , you grind your teeth ?
she sits three foot from me .
it is the most annoying thing .
it is like child singing christmas carol .
tell me where it hurt .
you have got a knot in your crest .
this remedy ha been passed down in my family for generation .
and it always work .
my grandfather wa told that diamond dancer would never race again .
he came in 9th in the apple creek derby and his jerky came in 3rd the following year .
this is oil from the gland of an otter .
it keep their fur water resistant , a well a trap heat .
now i need you to lie still for an hour .
whoa , whoa , girl .
I am going to with the python .
i find the rattle soothing .
it put me to sleep .
what is so funny ?
ordinarily i would say no but you need to move to reduce lactic acid build-up .
also , this song is fantastic .
you can not steal what is legally your property .
it is hard to imagine you playing softball .
i once hit three home run against little flower catholic .
i played high school softball .
notice i did not say `` girl '' high school softball .
not after the landmark case of shrute vs. the lackawanna county board of education.that wa one case the pennsylvania supreme court got right .
i hit the ball right over the protest banner .
next time you are there say `` hi '' to my cousin amel and then kick him in the groin area because he is a cheat and a ball hog .
and if he is still married to clarissa , kick her in the groin area , too .
because she is a heart breaking tart ... and a ball hog .
what do you need from me ?
normally i do not condone leaving early , but i have an appointment with the horse doctor .
how that horse became a doctor , i do not know .
no , I am kidding .
he is just a regular doctor who shoot your horse in the head when it leg is broken .
I am going to say 30. good point , but , thought of that already .
you think the epa would ever allow that much deet ?
rolph is my best friend .
we met in a shoe store .
i heard him asking for a shoe that could increase his speed and not leave any track .
I have gone over this lineup very carefully .
we can not forget the humiliation we suffered last year at the softball game with jim 's whole spider-in-the-mitt incident .
erin , back row .
ryan , you move up a row !
i do not understand .
woah , woah , woah .
you want her to set you up so you can spike it .
I will tell you what , I am going to do you one better .
I am going to put you next to phyllis .
she is the best setter on the team .
come on , folk !
i could have gotten that , idiot !
it is not a sledgehammer !
come on , people !
we need to get our head in the game !
come on , you are better than this !
i am better than this !
phyllis , why are you sitting on the ground ? !
oh come- ryan , come on , man !
her hand 's on the net .
give it to me .
hey , pam , how ya doin ?
hey , do you know if you are right-handed or left-handed ?
or do you even know ?
what hand do you use to answer the phone ?
we advance to the next round !
do not set it to yourself !
you were not even moving .
wait , wait- listen guy , one more point and we play corporate .
hey , people need volleyball now more than ever .
because if we do not play , then the other team win .
okay , knock it off , rolph .
i am asking nicely- rolph , leave it alone !
i spotted a small hospital a few kilometer south of here .
get her back a soon a possible .
I will stall them .
oh man , i am so mad that pam got hurt !
I will get it .
except , you know what ?
it is not fine .
how many people need to get hurt before we learn a valuable lesson ?
no , no , hear me out .
can i finish please ?
jump over the camera !
jump over the camera !
let u do it !
umm ... see those file behind kevin 's desk ?
go put them all in random order .
then come back here for your next assignment concerning their order .
okay , let me finish this thought .
he most definitely doe .
he is been asking her out repeatedly for week .
she finally said yes .
they went out on a group date the other night ; apparently it went very well .
people tell me thing .
i guess i have a face you can trust .
i think it is because of my low cheekbone .
okay , what is it , what can not i guess ?
stanley 's way past the middle of his life .
especially considering his height to weight ratio .
present these to the dean for credit .
and , a a gift , I have attached my card .
call me any time of the day or night .
well now you can not call me at all .
look at the intern to your left .
now to your right .
one of you will do exceedingly well in business , just unlimited potential .
one of you will make a living , and nothing more .
and one of you will make a great mother .
it is up to you to choose which you want to be .
michael ... you told people i use store-bought manure , when i showed you where my manure come from .
who is the father ?
how did the ladder end up on top of you , if you fell off of it ?
oh really , I am sorry i thought this wa a free country .
i did not know we were in communist sweden .
nnnnn , that is not ... okay .
I am talking about ... hmmm .
so long darryl , feel better ... he is lying .
from who , dr. j ?
look , you really need to investigate this .
people do not just fall off of ladder .
since when have you known darryl to rush to do anything other than to come up here for birthday cake ?
you all having birthday cake ?
please ... and how many foreman do you know that pull box ?
it just doe not add up .
nah , that is a ge .
a p40 is much higher pitched .
i have been my whole life .
I am rebuilding a turn of the century steam engine in my slaughter house .
yeah , it is just a run of the mill slaughter house , but sure anytime .
wa ... wa ... wait , someone is coming .
here , get down !
he is not using crutch !
oh , worker 's comp , my as !
toby ... ooohhh ... oh man !
i need to see your pupil .
i need to see if they are dilated .
we thought that she wa you .
are you ... are you serious ?
be ... because you look exactly alike .
am i the only one ?
are you getting this ?
they are using the lift a their own personal elevator .
he broke his ankle climbing over the railing and he lied about it because it wa a misuse of company equipment , case closed .
then why is there new wood only on one railing ?
we should check the security tape toby .
now , i would like to file an official complaint to corporate because darryl lied on an official form .
no judge is going to believe that ... okay people , listen up , i have an announcement to make , fraud wa committed ... I am ... i wa making it .
could you please sign my expense report ?
i have a complaint about jim .
i would like to file a huge , enormous , massive complaint about the tallest guy in our office .
jim will not sign my expense report .
no , that is huge .
this ha to do- I would like to lodge a complaint .
wait , stop writing that .
that is not true .
I am not cr- uhh !
i deserved that promotion , not jim .
make me want to put him in a triangle choke hold and force him down to the ground and just keep pressing and pressing .
and then flip him over and then put him in a hammer lock !
and he is gasping , he is panting !
and the crowd is going crazy .
$ 18,000 and a chance at the title !
how could he do this to u ? !
what about all these people , huh ? !
how is it fair to them ? !
her kid need shoe , jim !
i think it wa creed .
people are starting to notice how terrible jim is .
eventually , they will rise up and revolt .
my only hope is that they do it sooner rather than later .
if the people here were our founding father , the revolutionary war would have been delayed ten year , because stanley washington wa napping , and phyllis hancock wa still signing the declaration , and kevin jefferson wa distracted by a butterfly .
come in , feast your eye .
they determine our worth by putting bean upon our face .
thing were not this bad when just michael wa manager .
what right doe jim have to claim authority , hmm ?
is he a good a salesman a i ?
is he a matronly a phyllis ?
there are moment where we can affect change .
for a few second every decade , we exist , and these are those second !
let u storm his castle !
tick- let u get him .
tock- let u get jim !
tick- and drag jim out of his office !
tock- take his key away from him !
tick- that is a clock !
the time is getting very close !
it is now or never !
what say you ? !
no , i mean , what do you say to my plan ?
pam is constantly throwing up because of the pregnancy .
if she eats something the fetus doe not like she is screwed .
a three ounce fetus is calling the shot .
it is so bad as .
oh , gee , I am sorry .
i guess i missed the meeting where we all all voted for you to get pregnant .
i reserve the right to peel my hard-boiled egg at my desk .
you have got to be kidding me .
but you can say that about anything .
what happens in accounting , stay in accounting .
that is what I am saying .
i stole the guest list from jim 's desk and i search engined every female on both side of the family .
for instance , pam 's cousin , jocelyn webster .
two year ago she wa selling a mountain bike .
well ... she wa really into mountain biking but not so much lately .
she had a couple hundred dollar to spend , i mean , if she wa able to sell her bike .
well , if this is in fact her because it is a very common name .
i made you a cd ... mmm-hmm .
this is to play when you bring a woman back to your hotel room .
you are going to like this .
this is dwight schrute .
if you are listening to this you are a lucky woman michael ha seduced .
ah to be in your shoe .
'what is next ? ' , you are probably wondering .
do not be scared of you are night in heaven- '' yeah .
the proximity to the fall make everything smell like a basement .
i have a reservation .
confirmation number : romeo .
and i had spoken to teresa about a room with two safe ?
what if i meet someone ?
no , no , no .
this must be some kind of mistake .
this reservation seems to be under an m. scott .
this must be yours .
now that i do not have a room , can i stay with you ?
that wa a test .
for this is my room .
you would not share with me .
no you do not .
from quarter three to quarter four up 17 percent , while his sale down two percent .
it is all in the report .
because while i wa busy trying to improve the company and make it a success , jim ... the bad man wa busy kissing the bos man 's butt .
it is very ew .
it is just for family .
oh , I have got stuff on her .
in 1996 her tenth grade volleyball team went 10-2. that is a very good record .
it is a casual , social outfit .
they are howling at the moon .
it is suggestive to woman because of the howling during sex .
I am just worried about the farm , ya know ?
mose hate to geld the horse by himself .
i invented a device called 'burger on the go ' .
it allows you to obtain 6 regular size hamburger , or 12 slider , from a horse without killing the animal .
george foreman is still considering it .
sharper image is still considering it .
sky mall 's considering it .
hammacher schlemer is still considering it .
sears said , 'no ' .
are not they magnificent ?
i love finding a good set of twin .
you will have pam to answer to .
`` jim ... hey why do not you braid my hair .
i want to watch tv . '' you have everything ?
I am not hungry .
i ate a whole bunch of sunflower seed after you went to sleep .
and besides , i would not want to take you away from pam on the morning of her wedding .
she need you isabel .
okay , get out of here .
i had not noticed .
too busy knocking boot .
I am ravenous after a night of love making .
hey , what wa she like ?
bride side or groom side ?
i bet she had hairy armpit .
isabel wa nice , but i hope she doe not think this is going anywhere .
put a gun in my mouth .
she is a dental hygienist from carbondale and she make love like one .
she is a bumpkin .
you should ask her out .
i got them a set of turtle boiling pot , a she will hammer and bib .
that wa an intelligent comment .
isabel , nice to see you .
what do you want ?
so , uh tell me again the difference between filene 's and filene 's basement .
I would like to lodge a formal complaint against jim for making u wait for over an hour .
i think you are right .
it definitely look suspicious .
and his southern italian heritage raise some flag .
did he threaten you ?
or should i say , corpse space .
no , not that , by itself .
but look at all the fact .
he seems like a mobster .
`` r '' is among the most menacing of sound .
that is why they call it `` murder . '' and not `` muck-duck . '' lock your door !
cop can not do anything until a crime ha been reported .
that is an exaggeration .
no , criminal are like raccoon .
okay , you give them a taste of cat food pretty soon they will be back for the whole cat .
the only way to defeat a bully is to stand up to him .
trust me , i have bullied a lot of people .
here is what we do .
we meet him in a public place .
ask him to lunch or something like that , some place he can not be openly violent .
let him know you are not the typical kind of guy that he can shake down .
that you are stubborn .
that you might even be a little bit dangerous .
do you know how to use it ?
you are wearing loafer !
bathroom check out clean .
nothing behind the toilet except for this roach motel .
you will never kill it that way .
you want to separate the head from the thorax- hello .
oh he is not that nice .
what he is trying to say is , gabba .
bring him the gabba-gool !
he wa trying to force you to decide on a policy .
so we are choosing ... check out dental ?
do not do it !
i do not understand , why would you buy a policy ?
it wa not a snap decision , you were sitting there for an hour .
do you know what `` snap decision '' mean ?
it mean like this .
we have let michael down , and it is 85 percent your fault .
not on the inside he is not .
look at his life !
no friend , dead end job .
not the living in fear , that is new .
he is got to stand up to this mafia guy .
not the way thing are now .
but what if michael felt no fear toward the mafia guy ?
yeah ... what is wrong with you ?
i am talking about convincing michael that the guy 's not mafia !
well more far-fetched than a mobster walking into a paper company for a low-level shakedown ?
it is true , he is clean .
i have a couple of friend still on the force .
ran his fed friend up the flagpole to make sure he wa not on the take .
turn out he is a totally lovely guy .
sweetest guy on the force really .
and he made u all look like chump !
okay that is- that is good , let u wrap it up .
we just told you he wa not mafia , so you would not be scared .
you successfully backed down the mob !
it jim and pam , michael .
yeah ... this conversation ha two item on the agenda .
number one , do not leave your thing on my desk .
it is not some kind of personal pen receptacle for you .
i do not care how high they promote you , which brings me to item number two ... i never formally congratulated you on your promotion , so I would just like to say ... con-quack-ulations !
i inserted a listening device into the belly of the mallard .
now i can observe jim , trap jim , and destroy jim , just like in the bavarian fairy tale .
only this time , the mallard skin the toad alive .
and of course in this version you lose the whole veiled critique of the kaiser thing .
I am sorry to have been bugging you all these year .
okay , I will get out of your hair .
hey , you want me to give you the chill ?
there is an egg on your head and the yolk is running down , the yolk is running down ... there is a knife in your back and the blood is gushing down ... ... the blood is gushing down , the blood is gushing down ... you know , i really would have appreciated a heads-up that you were into dating mother .
i would have introduced you to mine .
the nard dog ... what wa that all about ?
what were you talking about in there ?
every weekend i volunteer at the local animal shelter and they need a lot of help down there .
last sunday i had to put down over 150 pet all by myself .
i do not think there is a whole lot of sleeping going on .
where did you get that mallard ?
okay , i gave that to him that a a gift , I am taking that back .
I will give you five buck for it .
well , i had to , i mean ... kelly wa not even ... I am sorry .
i put it in your office in order to surveil you .
i wa jealous that you got the promotion over me .
oh , I am equipped ... i can ... do not tell michael ... punishment fit the crime , i accept .
`` we have our high quality 28 pound bond , our heavier 38 pound bond , or our ... '' I have got eight hour of this .
of course i wanted jim to find the mallard , make him feel safe .
did you really think i would put my primary listening device in a wooden mallard ?
I am not insane .
`` ... 65 pound cover stock , which is the heaviest paper that will still feed smoothly through your desktop printer . '' I am jigsaw , idiot .
michael , can i get you something ?
a carp is both a fish and a term for complaing .
they are mocking you with wordplay .
michael , flounder is both a kind of fish and - i do not want people making fun of my nose .
it is too small .
just , write it down , please .
it is on the list , everybody .
you are embarrassing yourself .
he purposefully leaned away and let you fall in .
jim is my enemy .
but it turn out that jim is also his own worst enemy .
and the enemy of my enemy is my friend .
so , jim is actually my friend .
but ... because he is his own worst enemy , the enemy of my friend is my enemy .
so , actually jim is my enemy .
but- good morning everybody .
who would like an authentic new york bagel ?
no , no , no , no .
i got a pumpernickel just for you .
is there a place closer that sell them ?
oh , do not mention it .
you owe me one .
you all owe me one .
fish stick are not an aphrodisiac .
you are thinking of deer penis .
that wa over two hour ago and it is now a scientific fact that you are hungry .
k. i brought cheese too .
can not a guy just buy some bagel for his friend so they will owe him a favor which he can use to get someone fired who stole a co-manager position from him anymore ?
when did everyone get so cynical ?
pam , would you care for a bagel ?
you are a woman and you need to refuse food the first time .
I will try again .
please pam , reconsider and have a bagel .
let me guess- you ate the bagel i gave you and loved it .
let me get that door for you- there you go !
oh ... goodness ... thanks .
you know , here is a healthy fitness tip .
if you clench your buttock together while walking you can really take the pressure off your knee .
yeah , feel free to use that .
and that need to be straight a an arrow .
thank you very much for that .
i am going to preemptively change the battery in your wireless mouse .
no , no , no !
andy is complicating thing .
but I am not worried .
this will only up my game .
what is going on in here ?
oh ... no ... really ?
there is no book .
there is only a survival guide .
okay , well , allow me .
you know what- gosh these taco are awfully complicated to make .
i will make everyone is taco !
hey , hey , hey- relax i got it covered .
no , no , no , no , no , no , i insist .
do not worry about it .
you can just owe me .
what is going on ?
alright , move it .
oh yeah , you are going to owe me big time .
wha- starbucks gift card .
i am no closer to taking jim down .
what a waste of a day .
i could of grown poisoned mushroom that would have been this high by now .
they do not get that high .
wait , why are you limping ?
let u get some raw meat on that face .
i got a chicken in the freezer upstairs .
keep it on there for another five minute .
just let the swelling go down .
I am cashing in the favor .
can i have an office ?
you know what you can keep your stupid favor .
and this is my dinner on your face .
I am keeping it .
boom boom boom boom !
ha , going to flip you !
how can i pose this to you in a relatable way ?
you are all member of the yakuza and you happen to be visiting the lackawanna trolley museum ... and you are attacked by triad ... how can you hold them off until your clan arrives ?
you can not go wrong with a throat punch no , there is a defense for that .
i did choke you with your shoelace .
now come at me !
unless there happened to be measles present .
allow me to demonstrate .
i am attacking myself with a throat punch .
grasp wrist a such .
second , throat punch , absorb the blow .
groin punch , hip block , elbow to the gut .
uh oh , up to the nose .
no , you are not .
he really is , but not for long .
instep , oh , not again .
you let go , you let go .
oh , you are right , i can not hold on .
the important thing to remember jim ... we always have what is called the element of surprise .
what is the meaning of this email that everyone got ?
this one , from david wallace to all dunder mifflin .
hello everyone i am sure you have seen the item in the journal .
i just want to stress that it is all conjecture .
if there is any concrete news you will know a soon a possible .
you can all have job at schrute farm a human scarecrow .
it doe not pay much and you can not unionize .
wait a minute , wait a minute .
I am the butler .
you were listening in on that ?
you think you can do whatever you want to the servant class !
i will poison your food .
voodoo mama juju , explain your dalliance with the dark art .
i know you did it !
i know she did not do it .
it is never the person you most suspect .
it is also never the person you least suspect , since anyone with half a brain would suspect them the most .
therefore i know the killer to be phyllis , aka beatrix bourbon , the person i most medium suspect .
frankly , I am not surprised .
a lot of the evidence seemed to be based on pun .
you are sure it wa water , it could not have been acid ?
stop playing game with me , crawdad .
you are out of order .
oh , this could be a juicy one .
ok , everybody just calm down .
ok , I am ready .
bow down before recyclops .
happy earth day , everyone .
did you know that an old milk carton can be sawed in half and used a a planter ?
who ha put a number seven plastic in a number four bin ?
recylops will drown you in your over-watered lawn .
recyclops will have his revenge .
human are terrible for the environment .
what kind of mileage doe this baby get ?
calf all the way .
I will ask you a question .
michael scott you run the most profitable branch of dunder mifflin .
how do you do it ?
good luck , michael .
che , che , che , che , che , che .
wha- okay i wa hoping to lob michael his softball question early .
i wanted to swing by the garment district , pick up a few crate of my shirt .
i got a shirt guy .
how is he going to have grandkids ?
oh , I am sorry .
were you raised in a household with no consequence ?
if onlys and justs were candy and nut then every day would be erntedankfest .
dwight schrute , scranton branch .
i just want to say that i have been standing in this line all day and if this line is any indication of how this company is being run then we are in big trouble .
and i just want to say that i believe that there are option out there .
a take a number option like they have in a deli .
what about line variety ?
like an express line for quick comment of ten word or le .
they can move much more efficiently .
what about rope along the line that you can hold on to .
i just need andy to think it is his idea .
so it will not get traced back to me .
in approximately six hour , jim will get a phone call from david wallace .
he will be fired .
hey jimmy , what is up ?
i bet if you tried , you could grow the best beard of anyone in this office .
that laugh is so infectious .
i did not mean any of those thing i just said .
and you can expect the same from everyone in this office if you do not nip this whole employee of the month situation in the bud .
make it about the work .
this encompasses all available data .
hour , tardiness , unconfirmed sick day , participation .
everyone ha been assigned a random number for total fairness and transparency .
also , this should be accompanied by a monetary prize .
in an ideal world , i would have all ten finger on my left hand , so my right hand could just be a fist for punching .
I am going to run this by toby and accounting and have him assemble the data .
hey , so jim thought it would be ideal if we all pitched in- so jim thought it would be ideal if we all pitched in a 20 for this whole employee of the month thing .
he thought you were doing an incredible job last month .
hey buddy , so every- five minute ahead of schedule .
yeah , you said `` in an ideal world , there would be a cash prize . '' is not that what you said ?
excellent idea , pam .
there must be some reasonable explanation for this .
he knew all along !
this is kevin malone , is david there ?
tell him I am mad at jim , because he is asking u to give money to pam .
this is stanley hudson .
jim halpert is a menace .
it is toby flenderson .
listen , thing are getting really bad down here .
i know how it happened .
oh , you are kidding me !
not now , temp .
i would not even know how to begin a diabol ... so what do you want ?
jim and i , on behalf of- -the party planning committee ... but effective , look !
on behalf of jim and i , merry christmas .
my diabolical plot is on hold for christmas .
my heart just melt with the sound of child singing .
I am just tired .
the day are short .
i do not know .
maybe I am depressed .
it is time to unveil the tree .
it is warm feeling .
yes , we are unveiling , an artificial tree , that will never die ... like the spirit of christmas !
this wa a successful unveiling !
go back to work !
for several week , my secret santa ha been giving me piece of a machine that I have been attempting to assemble .
I am suspicious of this because i had the exact same idea , for catching osama bin laden .
i would simply send him a different piece each day .
he would assemble it , to find himself ... in jail !
whoever ha been sending me the part to this gun , i think you sent me a gear instead of a trigger .
what else doe it look like ?
well i do not have all the piece yet .
we do not have a north pole branch .
what is your pin number ?
i do not ... you are kidding me !
when did he tell you ?
i walk a lonely road , the only one that i have ever known .
do not know where it go , but it is home to me and i walk alone .
we all walk alone .
my shadow 's the only one that walk beside me .
my shallow heart 's the only thing that is beating ... i have no idea .
i can use this for so many nut !
macadamia , brazil nut , pecan , almond .
clam , snail ... it is real slippery out here .
oh , we will .
he ha more character in a single flake of his dandruff then you have in that entire snow bank on your shoulder .
wait , what wa the question ?
he is the local lunatic .
who is this dwight ?
you mean dwight schrute , the company 's top salesman and the creator of computron .
i wear many hat but the one I am currently wearing is that of gracious host .
thank you , so much .
hope to see you soon .
yo , mike , our town is dope and pretty .
but check that it is covered by your but the little car go in the compact spot !
do not lose your head .
impulsivity and inattention to detail .
he opened it like an ape .
scranton hot dog from scranton ?
they are 2 ounce paper cup dipped in plastic .
he go through 20 a day .
I am not seeing anything under `` confirmation . '' could it be under `` affirmation ? '' because you have thousand of those .
you did get the e-vite to my barbeque !
michael ... wait , i got it !
confirmation code : xv2rdm !
i am treating you the same a a man , for whom i would also not stand .
unless it wa the president .
i , uh ... bobcat , this is dragon .
he is been promoted to sole manager .
we have got to step this up .
meet me behind the dumpster in ninety second .
89 ... 88 ... you are twenty minute late !
just admit you lost track of time .
ryan and i have been meeting up to work on our diabolical plot against jim .
ryan is always late for our meeting .
i wish i had a lair .
of course i seesaw .
mose and i seesaw all the time .
almost a fun a going on a seesaw .
i like where you are going with this .
i have an old barn !
it is kind of smelly , but that might be a plus !
okay , that is your idea ?
exactly like in the movie ! ?
that is the most idiotic thing i have ever heard in my life !
he is supposed to cut his leg off ?
the new it guy .
i think he is the key .
he is very trusting , he is looking for friend , he ha been given an awesome amount of power , and doe not know how to wield it .
why do not you just let me handle the tolkien reference , okay dumb jock ?
smeagol wa corrupted and became gollum .
i might start a diabolical plot against him after this one .
you know , we really do not announce out loud our sale that much .
it is not really 1992 anymore .
there he is , the it guy .
so you discovered the break room .
i imagine one of the best thing about being an it guy is , you get to know everyone is computer password .
listen , i know you have to say that , but we got a little problem here .
there is an employee named jim halpert , and he is doing some terrible thing , okay ?
he is molesting people via the internet .
and we need to stop him .
no , the cop called u .
so I am going to need you to give me the password to jim halpert 's computer .
michael , it is phyllis .
she sent an email , so .
well , well , well .
bos for , what wa it ?
oh , four and a half hour ?
bos for nine year , four month .
and he only left because he had family matter to attend to and he what ?
i can not help but think that something we did made this possible .
oh temp , i like that .
I am going to engrave that into a piece of wood .
care to celebrate with a drink ?
martini bar are pretentious .
it is not `` farm boy swill , '' i will show you .
it is beet vodka and it is delicious .
you can not do that .
you can not exploit your baby for sale .
you need to come by your sale honorably !
listen , uh , would you be interested in restocking on paper ?
... yeah , i could sure use the money .
my cousin , uh , came down with a case of that nasty new goat fungus .
oh , it is just horrific .
the doctor say he would never seen it beard so quickly .
i need a baby .
I will never outsell jim and pam without one .
also , I have been noticing a gaping hole in my life .
sometimes i wake up cradling a gourd .
i want to have a child for business reason and i want you to be the mother .
if you agree , say nothing .
if you disagree , say anything ... very well .
let u meet at 4:00 pm at our old meeting spot and bang it out .
before we conceive a child , uh , it is important that we bang out a parenting contract .
it is been a long time since we have come down here separately .
let u get to it , shall we ?
item one : child will be breast fed by the mother for exactly six month , then weaned onto a nutrient-rich winter vegetable mash provided by the father , dwight schrute , hereafter referred to a morpheus .
acceptable name include and are limited to : ebenezer .
section 5a , child shall be male .
it is a simple a keeping the womb extremely warm for two day after sex , and then extremely cold for five month .
no , no , no .
ambulance are emergency only .
you call an ambulance , i call the cop .
ha anyone checked how dilated she is ?
`` we '' do not .
I will escort you !
this is where i saw that deer last week .
right over by that fence .
i love escorting people .
in fact , a few year back , i put an ad in the paper starting an escort service .
i got a lot of response .
made a few friend .
are you kidding me ?
why did not you ask me to do it yesterday ?
i kept I am'ing you how bored i wa .
i do not need a key .
no , no , do not , do not tell me .
yesterday , i wa dispatched to jim and pam 's house to find pam 's ipod .
i searched everywhere , but i did not find it .
what i did find , wa mold , and lot of it .
so , i did what anyone would do .
read a book , had a bath , i got a good night 's sleep , and i made plan to eradicate it .
i also made plan to ask jim where he bought his marvelous sheet ... time to get to work .
hey , what is up , kid ?
nothing left to do except dot the i 's , the j 's , and the umlaut .
why do not you meet me here at exactly mid-late afternoon ?
hello ... yeah , the uh , kitchen wa disgusting , so ... yup .
oh , it is ... in the backyard .
I will take this .
i know that I am an adult , but maybe i could come by sometime for a teeth cleaning .
you know , just for fun .
ha ha , how some people spend their money , right ?
I will call you , kid .
two form of id , please .
just pour yourself a cup of apple juice .
i feel sick ... i could not find the ipod ... give me a couple day .
I will be out of your hair .
will get back to you right away on that , thanks .
surveillance , gaming- and business .
dweedle dee and dweedle dumb-ass have been away on maternity leave .
now dweedle dumb-ass is back , and we have a problem .
yes , getting hooked on mega-desk wa my own damn fault .
but ... i do not care about assigning blame .
all i care about is mega-desk .
that is all i care about .
five more minute of mega-desk ?
they say that no man is an island .
i am an island and this island is volcanic .
and it is about to erupt .
with the molten hot lava of strategy !
must be amazing being a father right , a miracle of life ?
ah , that baby is just discovering the whole wide world right now .
what up is , what down is , who mom is , who dad is .
must be tough being here with all that going on .
i mean , you are here at work , and the baby think that the refrigerator is it father .
I will tell you what happened to me .
i did not see my father for the first two year of my life .
i thought my mother wa my father , and my wet-nurse wa my mother .
turned out fine for me .
same story , different ending .
oh jim , jim !
sorry to bother you .
my headphone are broken .
can i listen to my music at a low volume ?
`` the cat 's in the cradle and the silver spoon , little boy blue- '' `` -but we will be together then- '' `` -dad , you know we will have a good time then . '' ah .
got a little client meeting at shanny of'gannigan 's tonight .
it should not go all night long , so if you would like me to , i could swing by your house so the baby can experience a strong male presence .
um , this evening i have ... well , you see , i actually do have a meeting .
I am just going to reschedule for next week .
what the hell is this ?
this is not mega-desk .
that is ridiculous , this is made up of three desk .
hello , dwight schrute ?
yeah , what about those lead ?
did you hear anything from corporate ?
sorry , michael , i got call to make .
you could not handle my undivided attention .
listen , michael - about what happened earlier .
when i wa asking about the lead .
... is there any news on the lead ?
you got any news on the lead ?
... okay , I will tell you what .
I am going out on a very important sale call .
you get any news about the lead , you try me .
all of my number .
all six of my number , okay ?
including the car phone !
alright , dwight out !
a the best salesman , i am king of king .
oh , you say jesus is king of king ?
what doe that say to you about how i think of myself ?
what are you doing , idiot ?
i can solve it .
'the treasure you seek is in the parking lot under the first president . ' the prankster is getting pranked .
the lead are in ?
michael , you were supposed to tell me when the lead came in .
damnit kevin , give me those lead .
give me the lead .
where are my lead ?
turn the trash it is code .
alright , meredith , take off your dress .
I will go , michael .
you will just screw it up .
this place ha gone to hell .
yeah , well , the acorn becomes the oak .
oh , why , because i have a shot at a $ 100k commission ?
there is nothing i can do about my wide-set eye .
when i first met you , i had a lot of job offer .
and i had an offer from ivan schartsky .
and if I would assistant managed him - oh , that is low !
i would be number two right now at home depot !
because they promote from within .
instead i had to follow you - you , going nowhere .
i hitched my wagon to a horse with no leg .
nice baby you are making with the floozy at the bar .
who doe not exist ?
do not do it no !
stop it , get out !
that is my spool .
amazing , is not it .
no other animal on earth could do this .
but not like this .
hey you know who would like this ?
yeah hope - grows .
we have an awesome bean bag chair that is perfect for the break room .
yeah , damn right you are not .
because it is for me and michael only why is everyone clumped around accounting ?
break it up , you clique .
is that the program where all those puppet live in the barrio ?
i love that show .
that is an amusing link .
I would like it sent to me , please .
well , i knew it existed , and i chose to let it die .
her milk is coming in .
she is getting uncomfortable .
same thing happens with my cow if i do not tend them frequently enough .
you got to milk them , or else they will moo like crazy .
all right , this is going to traumatize me a hell of a lot more than you , believe me .
let your breast explode .
three squeeze and i would drain you .
i wa just slow-clapping your no-nonsense decision-making .
watch how it is done .
gabriel , i apologize .
i kneel before you .
humbly taking your hand upon which i kiss to show my contrition .
are you kidding me ?
wa that an impression ?
`` i have to go back to the zoo to the stick insect exhibit . '' guten tag , herr michael .
i do not understand why michael is wasting his time with spanish .
i have it on very good authority that within 20 year , everyone will be speaking german .
or a chinese-german hybrid .
i should be getting this client , michael .
my number are better than either of theirs .
if you want people to put the best face on something , why would you get two people who probably never cut the face off of anything in their life ?
it doe not just sound a'ight , it sound amazing .
how do i apply ?
uh , glass wearer .
the list go on and on .
you want me to keep going ?
ten second ago , this guy wa driving a forklift .
now all off a sudden he is cinderella of the office .
what are you guy thinking ?
one minority from this branch is going to get into this program .
who would i refer ?
hmm ... the competent , hardworking one who doe thing his own way , or the malleable simpleton who can be bought for a few fashion magazine ?
white people , right ?
well , you can kind of tell from the voice .
i bet you get pulled over by the cop a lot , just because of your race .
i think you should consider applying for the executive minority training program .
i know , because you have no role model .
how many indian ceo 's can you think of ?
you could be the indian bill gate .
you could be the indian ted turner .
that is not ... she is ... okay .
how a being a minority affected you ?
oh , good , and you resent this because ... oh , no , no .
that is not dorky .
look , it is easily accessible .
boom , like this .
scranton strangler 's in the house .
hey ... what are you guy doing ?
you know , we really should keep practicing for this interview .
what doe he know ?
`` we ? '' kelly will be even worse than darryl .
if you would have told me this morning that today I would be creating a monster capable f my own destruction , i would have thought you were referring to the bull mose and i are trying to reanimate .
you said the program is not open to caucasian .
well ... anthropologically , she is indian .
indian migrated from the caucus region of europe .
therefore , technically , she is caucasian .
you are welcome , america .
well , obviously , she is brownish .
but come on , i mean , darryl is far more ethnic .
kelly is the only applicant .
oh , dear god .
do not make any decision just yet .
I will be right back .
how would one of you feel if i told you i could put you on a fast track to an executive position at this company ?
i wa not talking to you , pale-face .
what I am offering is a ticket on a bullet train straight to middle management .
speaking of rainbow , oscar ... you are kind of a double minority .
so we at sabre could really benefit from your perspective .
i can protect you from kelly .
will you get out of here ?
whoa , whoa , whoa !
this is hide toshi hasagawa .
he would like to apply for the sabre minority executive training program `` print in all color '' initiative .
helping heal america in a dramatic fashion in the 11th hour .
caucasian , am i right ?
you do not know what you need .
just ... hey , kiddo .
congratulation are in order .
just once , i would like to be a puppet master and have nothing go wrong .
is that too much to ask ?
you are talking about me in morse code .
well , you know what ?
joke 's on you because i know morse code .
i must have imagined it .
michael , come on .
oh , god , that tickle .
what did ... i think I have got one for you .
$ 100 a day , plus expense .
I am just going to warn you ... and i say this to all my client ... you might not like what i find .
and you might not like how i find it .
i work with michael .
all case are solved with logic .
the only logical way to find out if donna is a cheater is to seduce her , bring her to orgasm , then call michael and tell him the sad news .
oh , gosh , we were both going for the same weight at the same time ; you go ahead .
it is all yours .
yeah , I am good .
hey , you know an exercise for two people that us the whole body ?
too bad there is not a tractor here .
one thing you need to know about me .
i do not quit until something tear or pop .
you look like you are getting a good workout .
can i feel your pulse ?
hey , um ... get out of my way .
tomorrow 's fertilizer , am i right ?
donna , wait , please .
we both know why I am here : to see ... you ... naked ... while ... I am ... naked .
donna , come ... ah !
oh , i pulled muscle in both my thigh .
she is not cheating .
will you help me work out this knot ?
put your finger here .
yeah , oh , and here is your expense receipt right there .
people who do not trust egg white .
oh , me too .
and by the way , uh , i told her not to , but she is coming over here and she is furious .
what she actually said wa , `` what is with him ?
I am coming over there to talk to him . '' and this wa after i have no other recourse but to tell her and gym security that you had me sent there to see if she wa cheating .
also , i joined the gym .
you will be billed monthly .
[ lay down gym membership receipt on a chair in michael 's office .
okay , everybody , let u take this next hill .
you had your chance .
you are no leader .
out of your seat , let u blast !
the hill 's a trap .
let u take the dirt road off to the side .
if they catch u , they will rape u .
go for the cliff .
and three , two , one ... jump !
you are dead , you are dead , you are dead .
you are barely alive .
okay , now nice cooldown .
check your pulse rate .
you were being really funny , and then you went too far .
no , hmmm ... that is still ... come on , the whole two bullet thing is a red herring .
here is how you do it : you line them all up , you take one bullet , shoot them all through the throat at the same time .
phyllis , you are hitler .
toby , you are toby .
andy , you are bin laden .
line up , throat together .
toby , come on .
ready , one bullet .
leave , get outta here .
michael , nice tie or something .
i will do legal jujitsu on you .
see , do not even need to make contact .
the law will do it .
so much of this is just impossible to verify .
item five , point `` b '' , uh ... the beet juice cleanse ?
how do we know this ?
I would like to see a stool sample .
which we can not know .
unless we are unplugged .
and wake up in the future .
i do not have $ 30,000 lying around .
i have it buried very deeply , and i do not want to dig past a certain someone to get it .
there is got to be another way .
look , i will not pay .
`` intercourse to completion .
five individual time rendered at my discretion ? '' agreed .
five time for $ 30,000 ?
not a bad stud fee .
better than most horse .
but not in your bed .
do you understand how rare is that in nature ?
i am an honorable man , and i will honor the contract .
but i do not have to give her the good stuff .
schrute sperm are strong , but they are no match for a grown schrute man .
let u see what she get .
i could have stopped him .
are you warmed up ?
god , angela , why is that always my responsibility ?
oh , it will work .
it is not in the contract .
michael , you have to see , this is like , the cutest thing ever .
hey , it guy .
oh , sure thing , go ahead .
apache persuasion hold , that is the hell !
what are you doing to my computer ?
you are with big brother ?
okay , go ahead .
i got nothing to hide .
i do not want to waste your time , and i would not dare waste mine .
i did not do it .
now , i do not know exactly who did it , but i have a list right here ... you should fire the following people .
why would i disparage a company that ha made me rich beyond my wildest dream ?
are you referring to alchemy ?
I am not dumb .
let me give you a hand .
you mean like a lair ?
i want you to make an offer at seventeen twenty-five slough avenue .
make them an offer they can not refuse .
no , on second thought , low ball them .
do not call me 'til you have it .
oh , just ... hey , hey , hey , hey , hey , hey , hey , hey it guy .
here is the story , champ .
none of u have spent a lot of time getting to know you , okay ?
we liked the last guy , siddiq , because he kept to himself , and we also thought he might have been a terrorist .
you know what , I am going to leave you with one other thought .
inner city kid use computer for two thing , game and porn .
so good luck wasting your life , lurch .
I am about to buy this building , you know .
well , I am one-eighth proud of you ... enjoy that chair for now ... because pretty soon , you will be on your foot , at buckingham palace .
from now on , if you are hot , sit on an ice pack .
like you would ever be cold , kevin .
stop asking me hypothetical question , ok ?
I am too busy .
jim , you have one job to do .
and you do it forgettably .
those of u who are busy require hands-free hydration .
dwight schrute , star salesman , beet farmer , bed-and-breakfast proprietor , aspiring freelance bodyguard .
add to that list owner of this building .
then burn the list .
the bigger the key chain , the more powerful the man .
hey , what is so funny over here ?
give me my key .
who is going to tell on u ?
hey , did you sm text message me ?
okay , that is weird .
just hitting `` door closed . '' what ?
is this elevator going up ?
hey , the elevator is disobeying u !
can you hear u ?
oh , my god .
pam , try and pry open those front door , immediately .
well , do not look , freak !
I have got 56 ounce of fluid in my bladder !
and we have to establish a pee corner !
late every day this week .
why did not i think of this before ?
did you know that there is a daycare center opening right here in this building ?
now that i own the building , I am looking for new source of revenue .
and a daycare center ... ha ha ha well i guess it is not an evil idea .
it is just a regular idea .
but there is no good laugh for a regular idea .
welcome to the sesame avenue daycare center for infant and toddler .
you remember my cousin mose .
i like to think of it a a kid place .
would you like a tour ?
here is the language skill and cognitive development area .
these are english ... uh ... letter .
i see you found out magical toy box jim .
to you and me , maybe , but , come on !
to a child 's imagination that is mr. fork and lieutenant knife and ... ms. fork .
that should not have been in there .
we come fully equipped with a restroom .
feeding trough , play bucket , and room for a plant , in success .
the door lock from the outside .
oh no , no , no .
i promise you , that door lock !
boycott the steamtown mall !
everyone , you heard me !
cancel all of your business with the steamtown mall !
the mall , the store , the kiosk !
yeah , something happened .
oh yeah , something happened , jim .
you do not want to know .
and I am going to do the same with all of your client .
oh yes i will !
that mall is corrupt , ok !
they are `` appearance '' ists !
you guy know me .
you know that I am not one for fancy thing , but there wa this one thing .
it wa in a fancy store .
and it caught the corner of my eye when i took mose down to the mall to get his blood pressure at the rite-aid .
and i thought , you know , maybe i deserve this .
you know , i had a great crop yield this fall ... i went to the store and i pressed the buzzer , and they looked right at me , and then they looked away .
and then i pressed the buzzer again , and they started taking picture of me on their mobile phone .
i guess I am not the kind of guy that is good enough for precious heirloom .
ok apparently there is a famous hollywood movie from the 1980 's , beautiful girl ... apparently , it is one of the best revenge story of all time , in which this sex worker , who is the antagonist ... that can not be right .
how doe it ... ?
ok , um ... the sex worker is denied service at a fancy store because she doe not look wealthy .
she later return dressed in all the `` trapping '' of extravagant wealth , but instead of going ... really ?
le matching to appear more rich ?
i can not see .
wait , i see you every day .
can i say `` good month ? '' copy .
do you have your card ?
it is a pewter wizard holding a crystal .
because I am here for one thing .
i wa here yesterday , and you refused to wait on me .
you work on commission , do not you ?
it wa beet juice !
i am a beet farmer idi ... good sir .
i happen to have been working a very long day .
when i came to you fine establishment .
you are such a ... I am going to ... ok. listen .
you can not treat ... thank you !
you made a big mistake .
I will take the wizard !
uh , no , thank you .
last time i went to the theater , a man dressed a a cat sat on my lap .
please , waste of time .
let u just knock this out right now .
do not like her anymore .
not attracted to her anymore .
just contractually obligated to make a baby with her .
give me the punch card .
that is not in the contract .
I will go to your little show , but I am not wearing a cape .
i work with that guy .
too bad I am not going to explain anything that you miss .
his name 's andy .
he is a terrible salesman .
why are you dressed like a seed catalogue model ?
all that singing got in the way of some perfectly good murder .
all right , let u do this .
it is okay , i smell .
no , no , no .
contractually we are obligated to have sex .
i will tell the mediator .
what-what are you ... ok. oh , wa that in the way ?
get rid of it .
necesito une bueno worker .
i pick up day laborer and tell them they will get paid at six p.m. at five forty five , a certain in agent by the name of mose schrute throw them in the back of a van , drop them off in the middle of harrisburg and tell them it is canada .
hola , tu e une buena worker ?
y el accento , donde are you from ?
me too , get in the car .
that is my new maintenance worker , nate .
and you will be happy to know that he is taking care of that hornet 's nest that you have been griping about .
i left him all the tool he need .
this is do or die .
if he chooses correctly he will conquer the hornet ... he will die .
when did the phrase do or die become so corrupted ?
interesting choice ... a bat !
impressive ... some egg can rely dormant in a woman for year , they may not even know they have it .
the holly por ... you may have ... you need to contact holly !
you need to notify her , that she is crawling with herpes .
you need to contact every woman you have been with , and notify them of your herpes infestation .
it is the right thing to do .
no , I am no doctor , but it seems to me that we all have an obligation to the public health to track down anyone who give u a disease , inform them of it , and take overwhelming revenge on that person .
again , I am no doctor .
I am just a normal guy who enjoys revenge .
he forgot to mention the herpes .
i do not understand the reference .
we had to come over right away , it is urgent .
michael ha something to tell you .
ok I am going to head outta here , i know you have a lot to talk about .
ok , is there a , an operating theater that is open to visitor ?
never mind I will find it .
next stop is helene .
you are going to want to make a left on willow , which is a little way away , uh .
I will remind you .
wait , what holly said ?
today is about herpes .
who gave it to you , who ha it , and who is going to pay .
to answer your question about jan , no .
why do you think i got- left , willow now !
come on old lady .
excuse me , someone died in the upstairs bathroom did not they ?
it wa probably just an ingrown mustache hair but we have to be exhaustive .
I am going to need a list of every man you have ever had sex with .
I am talking train station , men 's room ... fence with a hole in it .. the wood behind the liquor store , the swamp behind the old folk 's home .
the democratic primary , can not beat a horse .
a horse is a bike that peddles itself .
how do i look ?
wait , wait , wait , wait for me !
it is weird if i come in slightly after .
we have a big meeting with the chief buyer for frame select , steve nash .
will you stop trying to put it in term you think they will understand ?
and who is this `` the '' steve nash ?
no , mr. jock hipster .
go tell her we are here .
you are good with receptionist .
danny cordray is the worst .
the best salesman ever .
he work for osprey paper over in throop , steal more client from dunder-mifflin than anyone .
also , he slept with pam .
I am going to intimidate him .
so anyway , she say , `` that is the biggest penis i have ever seen . '' and i said , `` i know .
that is why i brought you to the penis museum , where ticket are a thousand dollar . '' well , hello danny !
what are you doing ?
like hell you are .
he is not just here for the coffee , jim .
what did he say ?
what did he say ?
I have been in showtime mode since breakfast .
he is not kidding .
jim talked too much .
yes , you did .
i know how we can learn his trick .
what i am about to show you is of the utmost secrecy .
and with a little tweaking , it becomes a different office .
we lure danny to it and watch him sell .
van helsing wa a respected professor before he wa a vampire killer .
people can not keep their true nature hidden for long , and this guy is smoldering like a tire fire .
he is very , very handsome .
oh ... oh , man !
you are an exec at stark industry , a corporation you inherited from your father- then make him pitch to you .
we got to see what he is got .
okay , and remember-you are not gay .
you are a young hotshot from stark industry .
you have just bought this company .
it is a whole new regime .
he is got to pitch to you now .
no , michael , stop it !
can i talk to you about something ?
it is about this very announcement you just made .
michael- where is he going to sit ?
there is no more seat .
where is he going to park ?
there is no more reserved parking spot .
let me handle this , jim .
drop the act , cordray , okay ?
we all know that you probably thought that pam wa too `` meh '' or thin without being toned .
but i want to tell you something-she is one of the plain hearty woman of scranton that make this city great .
and so what if she doe not wear makeup ?
we like her better that way !
and you steal client , do not you ?
oh , that is different , is it ?
you better check your thing , people .
in fact , where are my key ?
oh , there in my pocket .
so ... you are going to be workin ' here ?
it is after 5:00 , jim .
I am not going to take this home .
so long , stanley !
if i wa the real scranton strangler , you would be so strangled right now .
if you are out there , strangler , you will get caught !
to my chicken I am the scranton strangler .
that is very funny .
look like someone decided to dress up a old dwight schrute 's mom .
you are only one third a beautiful and only half her height .
pam is going to choose whoever ha a scent most like that of her father .
doe anyone remember what her dad smelled like ?
he went to gabe behind your back .
he went over your head to go behind your back .
this can not stand .
we can not have worker going straight to corporate .
make your job superfluous .
here is another good idea .
corporate chain of command .
we need to strangle darryl 's idea .
garbage magnet , god !
magnet are interesting enough , you do not need to tart them up with some design .
i can not believe this doe not make you mad !
hmm , kevin and gabe .
probably about the extreme of the human physique .
let u just say i saw exactly what the two of you wanted me to see .
i know how to sit on a fence .
hell , i can even sleep on a fence .
the trick is to do it face down with the post in your mouth .
and ruin their cloak ?
do you have any idea how expensive wool is in transylvania ?
because of the euro .
uh ... no , no , no .
they will cost you your life .
the worst thing you can do for your immune system is to coddle it .
they need to fight their own battle .
if sabre really cared about our well-being , they would set up hand de-sanitizing station .
a simple bowl at every juncture filled with dirt , vomit , fecal matter ... exposing yourself to germ is the best way to make yourself stronger .
i would welcome it .
the principle is sound .
to avoid illness , expose yourself to germ , enabling your immune system to develop antibody .
i do not know why everyone doe not do this .
maybe they have something against living forever .
for all your paper and printer need .
for all your paper and printer need .
for all your paper and printer need .
thank you all for your prayer and your remembrance .
like justin and his disfigurement , i too have had a horrible year .
they say that the middle class is disappearing , and with it , the soul of america .
so , a a gift to this beautiful congregation , i would like to offer a 4 % discount on all dunder mifflin sabre product if you buy a printer at full price .
shh , shh , shh .
greg , hello , it is dwight from the vestibule .
you want to know my eleventh commandment ?
i will not be undersold .
i am ready to love thy neighbor with these kind of discount .
I will call you back .
michael , I am just about to close a sale .
can i authorize a 15 % discount ?
they should not televise any of this , it just encourages copy-cats .
not because i want to .
with all the feeling to base a show around .
now that is a show I would watch .
tonight might be a convenient night for u to have some intercourse .
michael , i find it absolutely disgraceful that no one followed you in here for your walk-out .
i took the liberty of making a list of everyone who did not follow you in here .
me , at first .
kev- are you going to quiet that baby ?
or do i have to ?
in the schrute family , the youngest child always raise the others .
I have been raising child since i wa a baby .
that would be nice would not it ?
you know it is not really necessary for me to sit here holding her all night .
just go into gabe 's refrigerator , get a lump of suit , or any kind of congealed animal fat will do rally , tie a piece of string to it and the other end to her toe , put the suit in her mouth , she will be happy for hour .
oh ... then here we are .
well something is come up , i have to go .
i have something to do .
but you married my worst enemy .
i will require beer and pizza to think this over .
insert it in my mouth .
no , try me .
I would prefer for him to think of it a degrading .
okay , now the beer .
now I have got to go meet angela .
i have a legal obligation to angela .
okay , she need to be serviced .
oh come on , stop the fake prissy act .
we are in the real world .
yeah sure , jim could go see her .
you ever been with the blonde before ?
it is the big league .
she is in heat .
she will eat your face off !
a single piece of pepperoni please .
what are you doing ?
okay , okay , nobody panic .
listen up , listen up .
everyone , follow me to the shelter .
we have got enough food for 14 day .
after that , we have a difficult conversation .
try zero , zero , zero , zero , zero , zero .
okay , now try zero , zero , zero , zero , zero , one .
try `` big boob '' with a `` z '' .
ah , this is good hay .
this is the good stuff , mattress quality .
every fall , my uncle eldred used to build u a maze out of hay bale for u kid to play in .
we called it `` hay place '' .
eldred called it `` hay world '' .
eventually lawyer were brought in .
but that is all behind u .
hay place life on !
watch it , watch it .
welcome to hay place !
a place for hay .
oh , and the petting zoo close at 2:00 , and the goat roast is at 3:00. come on in , enjoy !
roll in the hay , five dollar .
oh , our contract .
yes , why do not we meet at the usual spot .
uh ... I have got a half an hour during lunch in-between the historical reenactment of the dunmore farm slaughter and the onion boil .
so , uh ... excuse me , get off of there !
those are show bale , not play bale .
hey kid , wa that fun ?
oh , i bet you do .
when i wa a little kid , they could not get me off the hayride !
but it is going to cost you three more buck .
this brings back memory .
hay stacking , hay throwing ... and at the end of it all , one lucky boy would be crowned hay king .
i always wanted to be hay king .
the world shine on mose .
uh , can we move this to the end of the day ?
do you know what your prize is ?
some task are not worth doing .
and now , by show of applause , we will crown this year 's hay king .
all in favor of purebred .
put your hand together for ... mixed bread .
and let u hear it for ... purebred .
it appears we have a three-way tie .
i have no choice but to pick the hay king myself .
i pick ... me !
i am your hay king !
all hail your hay king !
did i truck 300 bale of hay to a parking lot to rectify some childhood disappointment ?
twenty minute a day jim , that is all it take .
twenty minute a day , all foot , no hand and I will have the pedi-dexterity of a chimp , and you will be sitting there like an idiot .
I am sorry pam , allow me to write you an apology letter .
owning a building is a war between the landlord and the tenant .
not a literal war , unfortunately , but i am using the same tactic .
I have surrounded the enemy , and I am slowly starving them .
to save on electricity I have installed a timer and motion sensor on the light .
it is part of my green initiative .
and by green , i mean money .
china is on the move ?
I am sorry , is not that good enough for your anus ?
do not get me started on how coddled the modern anus is .
stanley , a a fellow dunder mifflin employee i feel for you .
but , like you , i am completely powerless to the whim of the new building owner .
`` which is you '' is not a sentence .
pam , when I am sitting at this desk , I am a salesman .
if you want to talk to the new building owner , you should call nate and schedule and appointment .
well then you are not going to talk to the new building owner .
which is a shame , because i hear he is a very reasonable guy .
tell her I am busy .
i do not know , make something up .
you know what pam ?
this is not just a business .
this is a home , and i would much rather see a smile from kevin than save hundred on plumbing and electricity .
i say we bomb them .
by 2020 , they are going to be the world 's largest economy and they are getting a taste for protein .
we will all starve .
there is nothing you can do .
you can not just move out .
in your perfect would , what would make this building awesome ?
I am putting together kind of a wish list .
I am not a genie .
I am just talking about a ... you can not possibly be serious .
parley , my office , five minute .
pam , i am not an unreasonable man .
if you guy stay , i will stop watering down the soap .
why do you even need soap ?
are you that bad at going to the bathroom ?
you do not want to move .
moving is one of the most stressful thing you can do in life .
you will probably just take it out on your kid .
jim will turn to the drink .
the family will fall apart , and twenty five year from now , cece will become world famous ... for stripping .
here it is , right here , pull over .
man , look at that .
there is no building .
this could only mean one thing .
oh , pam , pam ... what ?
we have a colleague with the same name .
you are not a liar too are you ?
damn it , pam .
leave it , i mean it .
get the hell out of here .
i can not wait to do to pam , what i just did ... to pam .
y'know what , I am the only one here who you have not asked about the new office .
yeah , but I am still an employee here , and that part of me is really excited about the change of scenery .
what is the square footage in the new place ?
what is the exact square footage .
how many office are there ?
oh I will just look at the one sheet myself .
you are a funny guy pam .
what is the first thing you guy are going to do when you move in to the new office ?
I am going to walk down the hall and say `` wow , i can not believe this is real , but it is . '' i can not wait .
impossible , i love the law .
i see I have underestimated you , and i did not think that wa possible .
nate , reply the paper .
they say the best vampire do not bleed their victim dry , but give them the strength so that they can bounce back only to be fed on again .
i spared pam , and i may feast off of her profit for year to come .
i let pam win .
i wa not motivated by compassion .
i have no compassion .
make sure you got that .
not motivated by compassion .
I will tell you who .
darryl , phyllis , stanley , angela , and oscar .
let me see you jump .
oh , my god .
this is a store bought-camera .
this is not one of those special military-grade camera that would be able to capture that .
oh , my god !
it is the first snowfall of christmas .
is that just so magical for you , little girl ?
can you not wait to have a hot chocolate , and cuddle up with papa and tell him about all your christmas dream , hmm ?
it is not even a real snow .
look , it is a dusting .
damn it , jim , you can not throw snowball in here !
there is a pebble in there .
you coulda killed me .
you apologize to me right now .
you apologize right now .
very well , then i challenge you to a snowball fight on the first real snow of winter .
no , andy , it is a snowball fight .
it is not fun .
go get your own thing .
jim , let go .
is it the middle school teacher who tried to turn her foreign exchange student into a sex slave ?
you have reached the voice mail of dwight kurt schrute .
please leave ... ahhhhhhh ! ! ! !
i have no feeling in my finger or penis .
but i think it wa worth it .
yes , taste my wrath !
yes , i have a wig for every single person in the office .
you never know when your going to need to bear a passing resemblance to someone .
i could not agree more .
and just want to state for the record that i am intending to sue jim for acute psychological distress .
with snowball , jim ?
with fluffy little snowball ?
i thought we were just playing .
wait , what girlfriend ?
i find that unlikely .
you email me when you get a new zit .
dear god in heaven .
okay , hey , hey , hey ... did not think your affectionate nickname would be your undoing , did you , jim ?
let that be a lesson to you all .
i do not accept your surrender .
there is only one way that i would ever relent .
you hit pam in the face with a snowball while i watch .
I will take that a a no .
in the end , the greatest snowball is not a snowball at all .
minute from previous meeting of knight of the night .
no , jim , hey !
this meeting is for knight of the night only .
knight of the night are volunteer crime patroller .
we are often compared to the guardian angel , but we could not be more different from them .
seriously , we are nothing like the guardian angel .
i mean , broad stroke purpose , sure .
one of our many recent good deed ?
we set out to capture the scranton strangler .
no , no , no , no , no .
i see how this movie end .
you make fun of me , everyone laugh , ha , ha , ha ... screw you !
what are you going to do now ?
are you going to make fun of our leader 's weird voice ?
dwight , do not be bothered by the .
over the line , jim .
minute from previous meeting of knight of the night .
that is our official name , jim .
reflective strip were glued to patrol jacket .
knight went outside with flashlight to test them .
and the rest wa just stuff .
knight stayed outside to play flashlight tag .
it wa pretty awesome .
did your baby draw that ?
hey , hey , hey .
want me to crank the thermostat up to 90 , smoke her out ?
she can not keep those mitten on forever .
I have achieved plenty and there is no better than the best .
wait , it is that easy ?
that is not a resolution , that is just ... something i want to do .
i can do that ... my resolution is ... meet a loose woman .
it is that easy ?
okay , I will drive .
I will take the entirety of the second floor .
is that what we were doing ?
yeah , pretty much .
but , you know , this place is kind of tapped out , so .
what did you get ?
i am not going back until i fulfill my resolution .
come on , why not ?
I have never been in one before .
I am tired of being mr. perfect role model all the time .
well , we can not just go back , i mean , we came out to meet woman .
chick fall down , need help getting back up .
i wa looking at the stripper at the strip club .
how are the mark ?
what are some of your small business idea ?
there is a big , big future in that .
um , what about you ?
you promised u whale .
we are no more a team than the people staying in the same hotel are a team .
so what is your crazy business pipe dream ?
some of these people are for real .
how is it going ?
oh , you know what ?
let me steep that for you .
hey , you know what ?
we are back in .
let u go sell some paper , buddy .
you are going to blow it .
i did not think you had it in ya .
space orphan and princess nincompoop are off to rescue michael .
you drive , i got a car full of fox meat .
facial type : marsupial .
let me answer this .
he went back to the office , obviously , which is that way .
do not get a swelled head .
you are no tracker .
ha michael checked in ?
i asked you a question .
pam , this is not a shopping trip .
this is a man-hunt slash rescue mission .
pam , I am obviously going to get that stuff for you so just shut up .
no word from michael .
there is too many brand .
what are you doing ?
she is the key .
hey , where you would you like to go next ?
excuse me do you speak english ?
we are looking for a man .
michael , this tall , black hair , caucasian ... uncanny .
put a pin in that .
which way did he go ?
when he leave here , which way did he go ?
we looking for him .
this way , this way , this way ?
i do not know .
he is heading downtown .
do you see a little clown that you want to follow , huh ?
is there a little bird that is chirping to you , `` this way , this way '' ?
okay , close your eye , we need you to think .
what is michael seeing right now ?
can you tell him that we miss him ?
michael we are coming for you !
someone propose a plan .
not you , erin .
that is the stupidest idea I have ever heard .
tap into your common mind and tell u what he would do next .
i can do this on my own .
i can think like michael .
all right ... I am deep below the ocean 's surface in a submarine .
a torpedo 's coming right at me .
damn it , that is just my own imagination .
maybe he is bowling .
okay , my name is j ... j ... j ... j ... j ... j ... j ... j jim halpert and i will fax it in to you ... under you .
I will fax it under you .
oh , excuse me .
i just p ... p ... p ... p pissed my pant .
i did not really .
you are just filling that out right now .
that wa not meant for me .
i will not be your valentine .
confession : i have done pda in the office .
I have had intercourse in the office .
a ha michael and a ha holly .
michael , that is absurd .
what if two couple want to go at the same time ?
and what is the hook-up zone policy on masturbation ?
you are hurting him .
have you talked to her about your feeling ?
woman really go for that crap .
do more stupid face .
i do not know .
do the monkey face !
jump up and down .
go back to the monkey !
they really do that .
my perfect valentine 's day ?
I am at home , three cell phone in front of me , fielding desperate call from people who want to buy one of the 50 restaurant reservation i made over six month ago .
i play samuel , michael scarn 's robot butler .
i wanted samuel 's voice- to be like this !
but michael thought that samuel should be a very advance android , almost indistinguishable from a real person .
he cut the part where my circuit board malfunctioned !
what wa the point of spilling the drink on me ?
no no , he is doing it to catch the president !
i have the best survival stock shelter in north eastern pennsylvania .
but everything ha a shelf-life .
so i must eat and replace everything that is about to expire .
it is nice not to have to plan my meal .
they are still good for another week .
okay picture this : snowy ash drizzle from the sky .
a ravenous pack of dog surround you a the flame at the end of your stick dy out .
there is only one hope left for you .
the door to my shelter .
you pound , you beg , dwight !
please let me in !
but i ignore your cry and do not let you in .
you want to know why ?
because you laughed at me .
kevin will be eaten !
pam will be taken slave !
jim will be made a warlord 's gesture .
meredith will do ok. be assured this day will come .
it is just a matter of time .
could be one month , could be two month .
i can see that happening , yes .
that is a realistic time line .
i can see that a a very real possibility .
i can see that happening .
why is he talking to holly ?
holly , you approved this ?
i did not order anything .
well there is a lot of seat in the annex .
i have been sitting here for ten year , michael .
no it is not .
i do not want to move desk !
hey , who is dirt box is this ?
what do you grow in here , bullcrap ?
kevin , in sumo culture , you would be considered a promising up and comer .
hey packer , i made you some hot chocolate .
because i want to let bygone be bygone .
show you I am cool .
you are the new guy .
it is cold out .
i made too much .
i got this awesome hot chocolate recipe from my wife .
none of your business .
it wa not poison jim , it wa a laxative .
people take laxative all the time .
this is just , a lot more of a laxative .
let me handle this .
pepto-bismol , in his hot chocolate .
ooh doe edgar allan poe know about that one ?
that would not annoy a person at all !
where do you come up with this stuff ?
who is justice beaver ?
why do not you write up your best forty idea and e-mail them to me .
can you do that ?
yeah , write up your list of one hundred , edit it down to your top forty , then e-mail it to me , and I will read it over .
there are over four hundred of these !
they are all good .
number three : eat a frog .
number four : eat a dog .
i do not know , um , from practical stand point- eat a brog .
maybe it is because i did not understand it .
i just had a couple of note , let me grab a pen .
just when we were getting going .
and you make sure to get down there and check out that harry potter world .
harry potter world is supposed to be faaantastic !
check it out and have a free butterbeer on u .
keep the receipt and we will get ya ' back !
he took my desk .
it wa not my first choice , jim had so many better idea .
no , no , no .
that is not part of the plan .
that is actually anti-what we are doing .
door open in 3 ... 2 ... 1 .
it is good that it cold it will drive business inside .
the warmth will lure people inside .
this is how business ... I am not closing the door .
uh oh , look like someone is sign is a little crooked .
uh , look awful .
need a thumb tack ?
schrute 's are farmer by hobby , and trader by trade .
through the art of the swap , i will walk out of this garage sale with the finest item here .
i will trade you for the used candle .
come on , it trash , like your sign , unless you have this .
that is how it is done .
oh , because there is a huge line of people waiting in line who want your spinster chotskies .
let me tell you about men like him .
he come over and you are like 'hey baby let me light a candle ' then you pull out this one half used and he is like 'uh !
who else is she seeing ?
i better lock her down fast . ' and the jennifer weiner collection .
professor copperfield 's miracle legume ?
that is a common swindler trick .
so you want to sell me magic bean .
you got this kosher certified ?
ryan , you have such an interesting mind .
all these new business idea and artistic project .
oh , it just stanley 's old photo album .
I am thinking about throwing it in the garbage .
i mean , why would i want some random black man old photo album on my bookshelf .
I am not james franco .
thing are going very well .
i traded a thumb tack for meredith 's junk for kelly 's crap for phyllis ' garbage for oscar trash for stanley 's garbage for ryan 's junk for creed 's garbage for a very cute squid that erin happened to have .
jim , put those away .
just out of curiosity , what were the claim for those bean ?
i know right ... what the ?
that ... that is impossible .
all right , I will take them .
i started with a thumb tack and traded my way to a telescope .
but in a way the most valuable thing here wa not the telescope at all .
no , it wa this ... packet of bean .
so i traded the telescope for it .
and i can just go buy another telescope .
did i want to be made manager ?
a great opportunity squandered ?
will i get over it ?
but life go on .
thanks for meeting me .
there is no turtle , michael .
i just wanted to get you here .
that is because I am your right-hand man , michael , but i can not do it again .
i can not do it again for a whole new guy .
i want to be manager .
i just do not understand why i wa not even interviewed for the job .
i wa totally qualified , you were pushing for me .
how do i become a manger at sabre ?
i left a message at corporate .
can not you just use the recommendation you already have on file ?
from when he recommended me to replace him .
just a little announcement folk , remember , the dundies is a black tie affair .
every day is black tie optional !
always the padawan , never the jedi .
the activity commence in four second !
lady and gentleman , please stand up for you co-host this evening , michael gary scott .
please remain standing for your other co-host , and new manager , deangelo jeremitrius vickers !
wa that part of the ... ?
excuse me , can i get a photo of the best mom and the best dad please ?
we should just wait here and not get good seat in the conference room ?
i thought it wa the worst dundies I have ever been to .
I would accept that award , because a bitch , is a female dog !
i just do not see a point in the dundies !
the joke are terrible , the venue is bad , the fashion is boring .
and next time , why do not you pick a co-host , that doe not have microphone-a-phobia !
I have got a treat for you !
colorado specialty , rocky mountain oyster .
that is because they are not oyster , they are bull testicle !
i cut them off fresh this morning !
what is wrong with you ?
I am the sick freak ?
after what you did ?
you expect to be buttled ?
you did not recommend me ? !
where did you hear that ?
especially if you think that life would be better without leg !
black bear can smell a salami at five mile michael , what are you thinking ? !
and they run faster than a horse , so if you were thinking about outrunning one on a horse i would try a cheetah .
you , in tight pant , michael , are a salami to a black bear .
you are like a giant walking salami !
any kind of meat that you can possibly name !
I have given up expecting michael to do the right thing .
or the decent thing .
or even the comprehensible thing .
this is going to be good .
to whom it may concern .
good , real personal .
the dictionary defines superlative a : of the highest kind , quality , or order , surpassing all else , or others .
that is great , if i wanted the dictionary definition I would buy a dictionary .
i define it a dwight schrute .
a a sale executive , a a leader , a a man , and a a friend , he is of the highest kind , quality , and order .
lot 's more like that , really repetitive .
two forty five , behind the building .
uh oh ... oh , wow , thank you .
that wa so kind of you .
it is just that i own the coffee shop .
so , once you have seen sausage being made , all you want to do is make sausage , because it is so much fun .
i think you will find what you are looking for over there .
congratulation on your one cousin .
each one better than the last .
I am just not a suck-up like everyone else around here .
i do my job well , so why do not you just leave me alone and let me do it .
no you are not .
what is the argument here ?
one is a sport , one is a joke .
i love sport , i love joke .
so , he kicked you out of the inner circle , huh ?
deangelo , tell your who are to leave me alone .
if i wanted to see a pissing contest , I would lock mose in the chicken coop .
okay , a little about me .
i respond to strong leadership .
no , you can not get flower for someone who is in a coma .
they will wilt before he wake up .
all in favor of the knapsack filled with canned good , chainsaw , gasoline , and emergency radio in case he wake up post-apocalypse ?
yes , i would .
jordan , gather my thing from my desk .
there is been a problem with some people sharing copier code .
your copier code is a distinct 21-digit number that is unique to you , and you only , okay ?
do not share it .
jo bennett , our ceo , will be here today for a high-level meeting involving gabe and myself .
that is on a need-to-know basis .
so i expect you to be on your best behavior , which mean none of you will be insubordinate , nor will you foment insurrection .
please take note of the new color-coding system .
why are you late ?
you stop me when i reach the diseased area .
hey , hey , hey , hey .
what do you think you are doing ?
what is the fist ?
you expect me to believe that you are starting a rebellion ?
okay , you know what ?
i would love to join the fist .
i will never be happier than i am right now .
i will also never be le happy .
i will be at my current maximum happiness for the rest of my life .
because i am manager of the scranton branch of dunder mifflin .
ah , jim , jim , jim .
the gun is a beaumont-adams .
i thought we could have some nice small talk about it .
and the piranha 's a rescue .
the desk is a replica of uday hussein 's desk .
i saw a picture in newsweek .
listen , I am a very busy man .
let u get right down to business .
jo is coming later today .
i can not have a subordinate trying to make me look stupid .
i need you to promise me that you will be on your best behavior .
do not make me fire you .
do not make me pre-fire you .
and when I am promoted , you will be full fired .
how you doing , jordan ?
everyone here think that you are a joke .
they think that you were hired because of your good look , which will not last long anyway .
a your pale skin and severe bone structure imply , you will age swiftly and poorly .
now i want you to find out what people are saying about me , thing they do not want me to know abou- ohh ... it is a holster .
yep , yep , yep .
ohh ... oh , what a day .
the holster wa a gift from my great-uncle honk .
um , i do not know .
i guess he is saying that he is proud of me .
the gun is just an accessory to the holster , okay ?
i can not walk around wearing an empty holster .
why do you need to keep wearing those booby shirt all the time ?
why would i put a banana in my holster ?
someone get me a banana .
sorry i freaked you guy out - aah !
no , no , no .
all we know is that a gun fired .
that is all we know !
that is not true .
actually , we heard a loud noise .
later , a hole wa seen .
no one saw the bullet leave the gun .
okay , why are you calling jo ?
conference room , right now !
how do you , partner !
it is me , gun-safety dwight !
and I am the rootin'-est- i can not do this .
obviously , a gun went off under my watch , and I am launching a full investigation .
what hand wa i holding the gun in ?
what did andy 's tie look like ?
i have no way of knowing if that is true .
i just really , really think we should handle this internally .
because you guy are my best friend , and i mean that .
managing you for this last week ha been the greatest honor of my life .
and if you ruin this , i will burn this office to the ground .
and i mean that figuratively .
because you guy are so ... so important ... to me .
i love you guy .
but do not cross me .
but you are the best .
here , tell u your war story .
did they say what caused it ?
because i know you like putting q-tips deep into your ear canal .
you can go on your singing audition .
i put everything back in the vending machine .
what is jazz hand ?
well , shall we begin ?
well , what can you do ?
oscar , can you print out last year 's sale statement ?
no , kevin , come on .
kevin , not now .
you are kidding me .
oh god , what am i touching ?
oh , it is so wet .
i can not push harder !
okay , how is that ?
I am kneading it !
jo ... i accidentally fired a gun in the office today .
i am telling you this because i care too much about this job to be blackmailed into doing it poorly .
all I have ever wanted wa to be manager here .
and if you feel that you can not promote me over this one accident , i understand .
but if you think that extortion is worse - it wa a beaumont-adams , if that help .
i take full responsibility .
pam made me put a banana in my holster .
did i make a mistake ?
do i regret the decision that i made ?
jo , please ... i will - shut up .
they will not make me manager , and i will not settle for anything le .
I have gone about a far a i can here .
time to take my talent elsewhere .
bread is the paper of the food industry .
you write your sandwich on it .
what make you feel qualified to judge a place after a mere interview ?
what are you doing .. ?
stop trying to figure me out .
no , it is not .
stop trying to figure me out .
do you even know anything about paper ?
how it is made ?
I am going to prevent inferior men from sullying my place of work with their weak , passionless leadership .
do you see my hat ?
that is because i just threw it in the ring .
i want an interview .
how is the family ?
what is your daughter 's name again ?
peepa , how is she ?
oh , that is great ... we never were very good at small talk , were we , jim ?
now , listen , ... okay , i know why you are saying that , jim , i really do , but think of it this way .
the hand that reach from the grave to grip your throat is the strong hand you want on the wheel .
I am going to make you an offer .
you even do so little a grant me an interview , i will guarantee you your dream work life .
you roll in at 10 a.m. to your own private reserved parking spot , pick up your daily free coffee from dwight 's caffeine corner , unlimited sex break for you and pam ... erin will eat garbage for your entertainment .
I will do it without you , but you will regret this .
let me get that for you .
jo , may i speak to you for a second ?
ohh , i enjoy laughing at my mistake , because I have learned so much from them .
I would like to be interviewed for the position .
jo ... it is me .
i would have dressed this way every day , legally changed my name , learned french sign language , shown up , and been the best damn branch manager you would ever seen !
you have to interview me ... i demand more question !
if you are not going to interview me , then I will do it .
what will be your first priority ?
i will have seven first priority .
safety , profit , fostering a community of self-reliance and entrepreneurship , listening , respect for human life , bolstering our public image , and ... getting everyone home on time .
dwight , let me be frank .
in an accident that no one can blame you for , an antique gun wa discharged while you were acting manager .
how are we ever to trust you again ?
that is a great question .
i am going to institute a strict no-firearms policy for this office that extends to myself a well .
all of my concern are disappearing .
you will be hearing from u shortly , mr. schrute , and i think you are going to like the call you are going to receive .
oh , come on .
I am just happy that i got this meeting .
well , it is not entirely up to you , is it ?
seems to me like someone is getting a little power-mad .
we are going to miss you , gabe .
i will run this branch , or i will destroy this branch , or ... i do not know .
something always work out .
no , i insist .
yeah , at first , i wa really disappointed , but I have got a great daily routine going right now .
i have upped my karate to eight time a week .
I have added boxing - lunch and on weekend .
i do kickboxing three time a week .
krav maga four time a week .
an hour of meditation every morning at sunrise and again at sunset .
so yeah , I am doing great .
k , I am going to need some help .
lift , lift darryl .
kid , do not try planking .
'specially with me around .
what are you looking at ?
it can not be nothing .
... 2 , 3 !
okay , which side of the list am i on ?
this is if we were all on a cruise ship and had to divide into lifeboat .
this is if we were on a cruise ship and had to divide into life raft .
who would eat who in an 'alive ' situation .
no ... that can not be it .
c'mon , do not be such a right-sider .
no , it is not .
here is how we find out .
let u line up and compare the line , see if we learn anything .
okay , left-siders over here .
right-siders , line up over here .
match it by height and relative weight .
let u just size each other up here and left side of the list ... attack !
let u do this guy .
you know , i feel comfortable enough now to ask you this question ... what made you pick this group ?
ha ha , i knew it !
oh , we did .
it wa the best time .
and you know what ?
now it is over .
back to work everyone .
jim , shut the door .
this is just gross .
man , it is like hoisting a manatee .
i can not get a grip it is so vast .
how do whaler do it ?
let u treat you .
what do you say ?
it ha been such a pleasure .
it is going to be our treat , please ?
oh , tip are expected ?
then expect to be shocked .
jim , you owe me $ 14.75 .
oscar , $ 14.75 .
this week we are rolling out the brand new sabre tablet .... the pyramid .
so , you can tell your client : `` unleash the power of the pyramid . '' oh no no no .
without the battery pack and optional memory booster , it is barely three pound .
fifty l. you are really going to want the booster .
is this really the best use of our collective time ?
ok , let u look at some tie .
here is how I am going to help out from now on .
I am going to not care , and I am going to sit around quietly waiting for andy 's inevitable demise .
your friend neil patrick harris really made me laugh the other night .
we could talk about how fast child grow up , and before you know it they are out of the house .
let me guess , somebody need a brownie ... ?
is this about the profit ?
because if it is i just do not see the point .
it is so wall street .
oh , it is .
and beet are not immune .
we made some inroad in salad , but heirloom tomato are pushing back .
i do not know , what do you mean ?
you wanted the job , the job is yours .
just do the job !
and I will do mine ..... walnut ?
obviously you can go the as tattoo route and obviously , I am going to like it .
.... back order and you never called them .
ok , you know what ?
I am going to give him something to drink .
come here , doggy .
he is not even trying .
come here doggy , come on .
what are you- what ?
yeah , that will work .
i know what you would do with all that money .
`` hey pam , let u buy expensive bathrobe and hug . '' i think we will be fine .
hey ... ok no .
you are so not ... oh god .
andy , i will volunteer .
three hundred box for me , zero for you chump .
what is the problem ?
grunting is scientifically proven to add more power .
ask any female tennis player .
well , they whipped people which wa helpful .
but you are right .
we should be able to find a more efficient way of moving box than madge or heday .
uh , theirs is more of a physical intelligence .
like baboon or elephant .
what did erin want again ?
message in a bottle , the postman ... kevin costner .
it is not the greatest one either ... and it is clear we are not going to carry them .
he will be fine .
uh , it is not totally empty .
ok , i can see why you are angry , you are coming into this cold .
but believe me a lot of thought went into this .
i do not know .
ok. you know what ?
it is been a real busy day , what do you say we put all this away .
it is uh , it is in beta testing .
get the thing , go !
lube it up , kevin !
kevin , we have been friend for a long time , right ?
so if i wa to ask you to sacrifice your body and lay down on a greasy corner and act a a human bumper shield- i would not be asking you lightly , now would i ?
now do you want to wear a trash bag , er ... yeah , why is it so far away jim ?
what is going on ?
oh , that is funny .
wait , from the photo shoot with you and me ?
no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no !
schrute farm is very easy to find , it is right in the middle of the root vegetable district .
if the soil start to get acidic , you have probably gone too far .
it is simpler this way .
and please refer to the map , stay off of the web .
they do not warn you when the camera are driving by .
there is so much more to it than that .
I have been wanting schrute farm to break into the high-end event hosting industry for some time , and this party is a great opportunity .
plus , I have got a secret weapon .
only one copy in the world and some sucker on the internet sold it to me for two dollar .
stanley hudson and his mistress cynthia !
james , pamela , and peepee halpert !
mr. and mrs. walter and ellen bernard !
lady and gentleman , may i present , robert california !
my first love is beet farming , but it is a young man 's game .
who ever heard of an old beet farmer ?
well , we have a number of birthday package .
the pewter package ha the least amount of goat , not no goat , it is still 10-12 goat , depending on the availability of the goat .
now the goat package obviously ha the most goat .
what were you thinking ?
i can get you exotic meat aEUR '' hippo steak , giraffe burger ... it will all be goat .
mi ... mi ... what are you doing ?
that is a stupid question , obviously mister james halpert !
erin .... the receptionist !
when all this is over , I would like to actually go to one of trickington 's party , they sound like a blast .
i present to you ... the alamo !
it is called a costume .
ryan , will you please tell her who i am ?
ha no one here heard of kerrigan , from starcraft ?
it is all toby 's fault .
yeah , perfectly mediocre .
I am a jamaican zombie woman , leave me alone , ghoul .
i am kerrigan from starcraft !
I have been censored .
kerrigan is ruler of the zerg swarm !
yeah , but no nipple .
it is a root you idiot .
that is really rude .
i do not tell you hurricane suck even though it is true .
open up a newspaper .
oh look a hurricane 's coming .
i suppose you are going to tell me the scariest animal is a shark ?
yeah I am serious .
go , get up there right now .
you want to attack or let them come to u ?
your call , b. nice .
I am a jamaican zombie woman .
leave me alone , ghoul .
uh , i know what it is .
i have like a thousand people over every week to watch it .
we all kind of hate it though .
the city of atlanta .
sorry , go ahead .
uh becauseaEUR no that is all .
last night i dreamed that the number two wa the most valued number in the world .
the vice president had all the power .
athlete fought for silver medal .
woman were considered the best gender .
and stadium of fan shouted `` we are number two ! ' .
a with all my dream , I am guessing it wa about my fear of immigrant .
i may have a little solution to our mistake problem .
this is a project I have been working on for quite some time and today , might be the day to use it .
you are going to love this .
ughaEUR should have used a shorter string .
never mind , i know it by heart .
it is a system that hold people accountable for everyone else 's work .
have i not been worthy of your trust ?
have i not been a reliable number two ?
well , i can make this work .
I will set it up right now .
just need your go ahead .
i will do my voodoo .
it register every time a mistake ha been made in the office .
from a late delivery to an accounting error .
five strike in a day equal a home run .
one home run and you are out .
or in this case an email get sent to robert california containing the consultant report from last year .
remember the one that recommended the branch be shutdown ?
and a a fail-safe also every negative email you have ever written about him to the group will also be forwarded to him .
robert 's favorite song : creep by tlc , creep by radio head .
you remember that one jim ?
there is no way he ha not strangled at least one stripper .
he eats his yogurt like he is punishing it for disappointing him .
we should should kill him .
no , it is an accountability booster .
jim , you are trying to make me sound like some kind of evil maniac .
now the point is that we are now working in an environment where we have accountability to each other .
i am confident that you guy are equal to the task .
they are making me out to be a bond villian .
i like to think of myself a a brilliant scientist who will stop at nothing to remake the world .
likeaEUR not doctor moreau someone good .
doctor frankenstein , doctor jekyll , not them .
doctoraEUR but the device will change that .
without a safety net , people will improve .
oh , there is one mistake .
it is not a doomsday device , gosh .
we can do this you guy .
well , i would not say that .
three mistake already is pretty terrible , but i do see improvement .
meredith kept someone on hold for thirty minute and now look she is hard at work .
i have not even considered it .
that is how sure i am that this accountability booster is going to work .
ha ha haaEUR you guy are never going to shut down the machine , ok ?
but i appreciate your energy and your team work .
if you applied this to your regular work , you will not even notice that the device is there , watching you ready to strike .
it go out automatically at five p.m. well , i would have to enter my password in order to cancel it .
you do not deserve to have this branch .
five mistake in le than a day .
no you did not , phyllis .
you complained the whole time .
you yelled at me .
you tried to break into the machine .
hey , you can not just change the rule because you do not like the outcome .
what about you , kevin ?
what about you and your fake task ?
can you tell me now where paper come from ?
andy back me up here , please .
good luck finding a new job idiot .
I will make sure to write you a glowing reference .
come to reason with me ?
what doe it look like I am doing ?
digging a grave for a horse .
if you hit another horse , you have dug to far .
take off your shoe .
except you kevin , they stay on .
this is the new addition , built my erasmus schrute in 1808. it doubled a a tuberculosis recovery room until 2009. did you just have a stroke , pam ?
it is `` nobody 's perfect . '' nice stroke , pam .
i had not heard that before , that is , that is funny .
do not say cow- ugh .
they are not my favorite people in the world .
i would not even call them friend .
they come over here , eat my pie , dig the crappiest horse grave you have ever seen .
god , I am going to have to work with them forever , are not i ?
maybe i could sit in on this one with you ?
you know , that way i can cover you in case you need to urinate or you just want another opinion , or defecate ... well i just thought with my new increased responsibility and all ... andy I am really sorry about your mother .
ok ok ok no no no .
you realize what you are saying ?
the hottest thing ever would be a 66 year old pregnant woman .
there are universal biological standard of beauty and attraction .
and you are purposefully celebrating the opposite of them to mollycoddle a pregnant woman .
helen mirren wa born helen mironov .
you are fake salivating over a soviet era russian .
that is just absurd .
her breast are large , her waist is small , her reproductive health in ample evidence .
and facial symmetry- come on .
why would i or anyone else think that you are hot right now ?
i can not impregnate you , and that is the driving force between male-female attraction .
meh ... you were at your most attractive when you were 24 with a slight , gradual decline and a steep drop-off when you got pregnant for the first time .
gradual recovery and , uh , well now , obviously , you are at an all-time low .
you think jim 's lying ?
that is so cute .
i know he is lying .
i never touch a pregnant woman .
if we are going to work together , we need some ground rule .
rule one : our only loyalty is to the truth .
rule two : we stop at nothing .
rule three : do not fall in love .
we are going to bust this guy .
and then we will destroy the man himself .
what do you got ?
i do not see what is so ugly about him .
he is got the broad face of a brewer .
just ugly enough to have deniability .
well , jim may be lying with his word , but he can not lie with his body .
the male reveals attraction through unconscious and involuntary physical sign .
the puffing of the chest , mirroring , increased blood flow to the crotch .
i say we start there .
we are not here .
okay , just shut it .
i can not tell .
it is unnaturally sunken .
he just wa mirroring .
did you see that ?
jim ha no discernible sense of humor , pam .
you should know that .
time for me to find out .
just going to walk over here- whoa , whoa , I am slipping and falling !
oh , stumbling , i need something to grab on to !
I am fine , I am totally fine .
aw , cramp , I am just- I am sorry , i fell down , mr. balance .
doe your husband have very soft erection ?
because if not , i just grabbed a very soft penis for nothing .
she called it crazy ?
aw , man , that is insulting .
all i did wa propose a makeshift lie-detector test .
monitoring his blood pressure , pulse , perspiration , and breathing rate .
and she called it nut ?
stop grabbing my penis .
take off your jacket and take a seat .
when it lie , the human body exhibit many telltale sign .
why do not you go check out the sympathy card , old man ?
now I am going to ask you just a few simple question .
wait for this to constrict .
is your name jim halpert ?
we have to start with a baseline question to establish what the truth is .
well , that is what they taught me in my 19th century kindergarten .
jim , are you serious ?
okay , you are done .
do you really , tin man ?
okay , where were we ?
do you find cathy simms attractive ?
yep , he is lying .
i would listen to my homemade test , because your husband is definitely lying .
in fact , he is lied about every question .
who are you really ?
look at the number .
every single time , it is come up 150 over 100. your husband is a pathological liar .
oh , he is definitely attracted to her .
it is important to go every month and get your prostate checked .
you can do it at home by yourself with your finger .
you just stick it- it is not really your choice , is it ?
death wait for no man .
doe not it worry you in the slightest that jim is not his real name ?
but ... hey , cece 's toothbrush .
second-most northern battle in the civil war .
the civil war history industry ha conveniently forgotten about the battle of schrute farm .
I am over it .
it is just grossly irresponsible .
guess I am a sucker for historical fiction .
total death belongs to gettysburg but when you are talking about d.p.a. , that is death per acre ... ... nothing beat the battle of schrute farm .
oh , it is .
and you should read some of these letter that the soldier wrote home .
i mean , it make the battle of gettysburg sound like a bunch of schoolgirl wrestling over a hairbrush .
I am telling you , they are heartbreaking too .
no , no , no !
you are filling her head with nonsense .
you and the history book .
I am telling the truth .
yes , thank you .
all of history ha been whitewashed .
okay , i will .
i do not know who that is , but I am going to tell you this- gettysburg wa very important .
credit where credit is due , okay ?
big , mad prop to gettysburg .
wa it , however , the most northern battle of the civil war ?
not by a long shot !
no , it wa not !
no , it wa not .
wa it the second-most northern ?
i will cede it wa the second-most northernmost battle !
wa it the northernmost ?
get out of here , oscar .
excuse me , i got a question for you .
can you tell u about the battle of schrute farm ?
okay , follow-up question .
how much are they paying you to keep your mouth shut ?
you said you were not going to look back .
anyone employed by the gettysburg industrial complex is certainly going to want to keep quiet about the battle of schrute farm .
prepare to be refuted !
I have seen enough .
i know what you guy are all thinking right now : hey , let u go pee on the grave of some confederate soldier , but you know what ?
joke 's on you .
it only make the flower grow back more beautifully .
best thing you can do for the deceased is to pee on their graf .
then you dance and work the urine into the root system .
doe not hurt to have a smile on your face , either .
it is not locked , give me that ... it is , it is latched closed .
oh , little help .
wow your hair is really thinning .
standing is proven to be healthier , increase productivity and just look cooler .
picture someone doing something heroic .
now wa he sitting or standing ?
every second you sit there is an hour off your life .
look at all of you .
i feel like you are in a suicide cult .
that is right jim .
putting a load on more like it .
last thing i need is luck .
thank you so much .
what are you doing ?
oh that is real creative .
i could , but i just do not feel like it loser .
knock , knock , knock , knock , knock .
remember how you said that you were looking in the office to do calisthenics and aerobics ?
well today 's your lucky day .
i have opened in this very office building dwight schrute 's gym for muscle .
you want to take a look ?
your path from obesity begin right here !
obese people in my office are a drain on resource .
chair wear out faster , it take more freon to keep them cool , they flush the toilet more often , plus their massive bm bust the rivet on my pipe .
but a gym turn fat into cash .
sale is really not so hard ok ?
we have it and they want it so bad they are willing to pay for it .
it is the second easiest job in the world .
maybe over a beer after she is closed her first sale .
what do you think ?
you have not even looked around yet .
gravel bucket squat yoke right ?
dedicated phone book ripping station .
you ever cut tin before ?
five yard in and your forearm will be on fire .
plus i will buy the tin back from you that you cut for two cent a yard .
now let u go over membership .
I am going to need the first month 's and the last month 's up front .
$ 49 per month .
but every third month is $ 59 a month .
but the fourth month is a discount month at $ 19 per month ... darryl ... attention !
i am now accepting membership for dwight schrute 's gym for muscle .
the first 20 member can take advantage of the pay what you weigh promotion .
i know how to build a business .
you got to get the black people to do it to get the white people to do it .
then you got to get the black people to stop doing it .
one step at a time .
what do you think you are doing ?
i build you this temple to the human body , and you are lifting what , five pound ?
i wa watching you .
you want to know how long it really wa ?
is that the same philosophy you apply to buffalo wing ?
i want you to bring that same buffalo wing passion to this gym !
I am going to make you look like lebron james !
that is what i said .
this is my gym , my rule .
you do exactly a i say , no question asked .
first thing , we are going to stretch the pelvic bowl .
get down on the floor .
too embarrassing for you ?
you wish that every exercise wa strutting around the gym like the fonz ?
well how do you think the fonz got so cool ?
he stretched his pelvic bowl !
you are so weak , you call yourself a man ?
finish your set on your own and never come back to my gym again !
all right , I will help you .
but first , you got to tell me what your goal is .
what do you want ?
because if that wa the case , the bar would be up by now .
what is your goal ?
what do you want ! ? !
i do not buy it .
that doe not make any sense .
wow ... i figured out your goal .
i am going to make you the buffest dude val kilmer ha ever seen .
hey , what are you listening to ?
there is no shower .
what doe this look like , a shower store ?
improves mood , boost sex drive , and I have already covered the bm of it all .
it is miraculous the effect that i will have on their life .
what about my wish that we do not have to attend meeting that degrade our sense of adulthood ?
dark side or light side ?
is it by the sea of tranquility ?
thank you , andy .
jim can leave anytime he want .
i just want to say , this is not my fault .
the weak always bully the strong .
contrary to what you see in the medium .
i am always acting in self-defense .
no , absolutely not .
I have been attacked !
someone put a porcupine in my drawer !
yeah , i wa just sitting here at my desk and i , i reached into my drawer to grab my toothbrush and some tooth powder and , and all of a sudden i wa attacked by this blood thirsty rabid creature !
or who in this office know that i have access and is trying to set me up ?
lacerated hand here folk .
oh is it really ?
two separate time you have set me up to believe i wa being recruited by the cia .
might want to run that by angela because it is so cute .
come down right away !
yes , i wa quilled .
enough of this garbage .
hi-yah ! ! ! ! !
yeah ! ! ! !
christmas ! ! ! !
what are we going to do with all that bonus money , henrietta ?
ah , fell asleep , took a nap .
hey guy , ah i feel refreshed now .
how is it goin ?
took a little nap right next to jim 's desk .
i feel so good right now .
what is everyone staring at ?
enjoy your new clump .
it is so much closer to the bathroom , right ?
you will be fine over there .
so , i got this bucket from jim 's garage and i filled it with everything disgusting .
i can not wait to see the look on his face when that fall on my face .
soon a i heard that wrapper .
you need to stop banging your pen on your desk or it is going to drive me insane .
animal , machine , vast virtual army .
all of these thing i have successfully managed .
the only thing i have not managed is people .
i saw an ad on the sabre website for an open manager position in their printer division .
i spoke to robert california about it and he said for me to come by and see him sometime .
so , like a spanish conquistador , i have come to florida to claim what is rightfully mine .
dwight schrute for robert california !
I am not here to be given anything .
I am here to take what is mine .
you do not know ?
impressive office you have here .
surrounded by shrubbery , like a squirrel 's office .
gabe , i always wondered what it is you did around here .
now i found out .
you are the bagel guy .
you know , gabe ?
you could have gone with garbage disposal , incinerator or eraser , and instead you chose toilet .
you are an american classic .
but i can give you this pitch in one minute- still an important position .
there is no fire within eight mile of here .
get anyone from the coo 's office on the phone this instant !
so it is a very simple argument of why i should be put in charge of southeast printer sale .
nobody ha sold more printer in the northeast than me .
bottom line , i know the product .
most of all , i believe that character is destiny .
and my character is one that- wait why are you smiling ?
what is with the smile ?
and my character is one that will never give up until greatness is on the horizon , behind u .
take me to robert .
take me to his house .
you know where it is .
listen , you are a perfectly fine toilet .
I am just an extraordinary piece of crap .
which one is it ?
let me tell you why i should be the next manager with a riddle : a manager , a salesman , a leader and a warrior walk into a restaurant .
the hostess say , `` table for one ? '' how is this possible ?
riddle number two : who is going- n ... it is complicated .
it is a job interview , not a flea market .
what is this , a meatball ?
jim , come on !
that is so juvenile !
this is not very clever , jim .
that idiot 's been feeding u for a week .
what- I am relaxing .
yeah , you want to play you little hick ?
you regret attacking me now , hick ?
I am not going to help you .
why would you choose me ?
because I am mighty ?
because I am the manliest man in the office ?
I will do it .
no , you stop .
okay , you can stop .
no , you can stop .
now take a chip , crush it into my face , really rub the grease around .
now rub it in .
oh , yeah , that is so good .
ah ... damn it .
we can get some chicken fight going in the pool .
i could just bang you right now .
maybe we should take a little break .
erin , did we win ?
we did not win .
same old party , same old people .
reminds me of phyllis 's birthday .
but boy , that erin .
she sure is a ripe little tiger , is not she ?
and to think , i always thought of her a a second meredith .
respectfully , i do not want u walking into a similar angela kind of situation .
so i just want to make sure that you are completely , one hundred percent done with erin .
not what i asked .
so then you will not mind if tonight i just go crazy on her , just go nut , rrargh .
you are an idiot .
hey , have you ever been checked for scoliosis ?
your spine is jacked .
it is like the devil 's cursive .
you would be like 8 foot tall if this thing wa straightened out ... yeah .
rahhh ! ! ! ! ! ! !
can not believe they let someone like you serve on a jury .
make me question the whole judicial system .
of course you found him not guilty .
`` oh , he apologized and i just really want him to like me , mm . '' not coming , have plan .
i wa in los angeles last year .
jim tricked me into thinking I would won a walk-on part on ncis , but that is not important .
while i wa being kicked off the lot , i saw food truck everywhere .
everyone in los angeles eats from them .
and nobody call them restaurant .
so this whole hit and run thing , there is just one part i can not figure out .
you said it wa at a four-way stop ... and the victim rode his bicycle into the left hand turn lane but the perp wa already in the left-hand turn lane ?
see , that is what I am having trouble with , because the fact is , you never said he wa on a bicycle .
andy , get out here .
i am making a citizen 's arrest .
you have the right to remain silent .
you have the right to beg for mercy .
you have the right to request judgment by combat .
jim wa lying about jury duty .
he wa lying the whole time so he could go do yoga or go canoeing .
i do not know what this pervert like .
i have jim on the record saying that the vic- i do not- i do not need to take a chill pill .
i really do not want to take the chill pill .
but let u just say that jim wa lying about jury duty .
you would have to fire him , right ?
that is good enough for me .
okay , everybody , gather 'round .
got a real special surprise for you .
okay- oh , jim .
hey , this guy look familiar ?
damn it , toby !
no , i wa not asking you .
ask him if he remembers jim .
he say , `` no ! '' boom !
okay , he remembers toby , the most forgettable man in the known world .
and while we are enjoying these delicious empanadas , jim , why do not you tell u your story again ?
walk u through it .
what time would you get there every morning ?
you live by the courthouse .
so you drove from near the courthouse , out to jim 's house , and then back to the courthouse ?
oh , it is happening .
it is really happening .
they are all mine .
all right , well .
let u get this show on the road , shall we ?
allow me to give you a hand .
so long , clump-mate .
I am going to miss you .
truth be told , i never thought that this wa how it wa going to end .
i always thought that i wa going to defeat you somehow .
but you have defeated yourself .
no , no , no .
you said- you said that you were- that is it ?
gabe , it is dwight again .
highest priority , triple-urgent .
that mean a soon a possible .
I am going to find gabe , tell him what jim did and let the little stickler do what he doe best : stickle .
have you seen gabe ?
i know what angela and the senator look like .
i can mash that up in my head right now .
i want to see the baby .
oh , what a beautiful child .
prominent forehead , short arm , tiny nose .
you will lead million ... willingly , or a slave .
that baby is a schrute .
and unless somebody taught mose sex , that baby is mine .
angela , this child is definitely mine .
he look just like me .
need i remind you that we were together a month before the wedding ?
you said that robert wa not fulfilling you- -and i said , `` i bet i could fulfill you , '' and you said , `` I would like to see you try , '' and then i kissed you with the force of a thousand waterfall .
and then i inserted my penis- into your- vagina and- admit that there is a chance .
before i go , may i ?
nurse , you know that baby in there , baby philip ?
i just might be his father .
the office look different now .
maybe i just feel bigger .
oh , you know , i did but now it seems infinitely insignificant .
nah , forget it .
he wa doing it for his kid .
kid drive u dad crazy .
sometimes i feel like they are raising u .
i have a recurring nightmare that I have been wrongly accused of a crime and twelve of these idiot are on the jury .
stanley is fast asleep , kevin eats the evidence , phyllis 's name is allison but it really is phyllis , jim is foreman of the jury and pronounces me guilty .
the cop take me away and tell me that I have been a bad boy and we have sex in the hall .
she leaf the handcuff on .
they take me away to prison .
the guard are all woman .
what are you doing here ?
you just had our baby .
our collective dunder mifflin ... family baby .
you can not tantalize me .
ok. if you make me head of sale one more time , i swear .
yes , yes , yes , hi-yes !
yeah yeah yeah yeah !
the shrutes have a word for when everything come together in a man 's life perfectly : perfectinschlag .
right now , i am in it .
i finally get a chance to prove myself to corporate , i am assembling a competent team , i am likely a father , i am so deep inside of perfectinschlag right now .
and just to be clear , there is a second definition , `` perfect pork anus '' which i do not mean .
pam , pack up your post-natal swimwear , make it a one piece or this offer is rescinded , and join me on a fantastic barbeque one week from today in tallahassee , florida where I am going to be living for the next three week .
no plus one 's .
this is for competent worker only .
and do not worry about the cost , sabre is footing the bill .
god , you are such a spy .
my first task a special project manager dwight shrute ?
assembling a crack team .
i need people who are loyal .
people who will help me get an inroad with the gay hispanic community .
people who will not be missed .
we do not need idiot , good for nothing 's , methheads or ... what is your name ?
are you kidding me ? !
I am supposed to get in an airplane with those nincompoop ?
we would never get off the runway .
andy just gave me a chain with three weak link .
have you ever tried to use a chain with three weak link ?
and now i no longer own an arctic wolf .
may i have your attention please ?
could kathy , darryl , phyllis , kevin and kelly please join me in the conference room immediately ?
oh , no big deal .
it is just that you five have been deemed most deserving of a three week all expense paid business trip to tallahassee , florida .
oh , I am sorry stanley , i can not share any more detail with you .
you see , andy rejected you .
i can understand your pain and your rage , but you know what ?
andy is an honorable man , let u not question his choice .
I am sure he had his reason .
i know , you and me both , brother .
it seemed kind of random to me , but he wa pretty clear on who he thought truly deserved this boondoggle of a lifetime .
but we are going to be working pretty hard until five pm .
after that it is going to be beach volleyball , trip to cape canaveral , and sea kayaking with gloria estefan .
it might be innate goodness versus innate badness ?
but there is an easy way to find out .
oh andy , got to few question for you .
uh , the florida pick got out , and people were just kind of curious a to why they were not picked and maybe you could just clarify ?
be proud of your enormous monster baby .
i wa once an enormous monster baby .
i specifically remember there were a lot of other people i thought should be considered .
so why doe not everyone just take the next five to six hour , come up with a statement on why you feel you deserve to go to florida and andy and i will listen to it .
three to four hour .
two to three hour ... come up with a statement in the next hour ....
i have already picked my team : darryl , oscar , angela , phyllis and toby and that is the team that i am taking .
it is not up to me ?
i only have influence ?
well , that is all baltzer gladfielder had and no one eats owl for thanksgiving .
powerpoints are the peacock of the business world .
all show , no meat .
ok. thank you kevin , we will let you know .
seasonal effective disorder , aka : sad .
that sound like a very real thing , toby .
maybe it is what she doe here ... you know i do not think it is a good idea for you to clear your head any more than it ha been already .
i think you need a workplace where the burden of everyday life keep you tethered to reality .
you are not going .
over my dead body , no .
i would not say that ... it is a bit much .
jim is essential to th- andy , jim is just too ... essen- ... this is stupid !
he doe not even want to go .
you have got to be -ing kidding me .
ok. ok , florida group , welcome to the team .
ahhhhh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
let u go , step it up you runt .
you infant , let u move .
what are you talking about ?
this is a nice temperate florida morning .
eighty-five degree , seventy-five percent humidity .
this is the exact environment you will be facing for the next three week of your life .
welcome to special project orientation .
the next three week of your life are going to be the most miserable you have ever faced .
they are going to be hard , they are going to be dirty .
you are going to wish you were dead .
there is not buts .
you will wish you were dead .
you seem a little disturbed , you want to stay here ?
because if any of you would prefer to stay here , all you need to do is ring this bell .
you do not want to go , ring the bell !
how many of you have seen the documentary deliverance ?
i released three hundred mosquito in the conference room , just temporarily .
when I am done , the frog will take care of the mosquito .
yes , when he brush your soft supple cheek with his worn leathery hand and say `` I am going to make you the seventh mrs. rosenblatt '' unless you ring this bell .
you want to spend the rest of your life changing your husband 's colostomy bag ?
ok , florida team , let u reconvene .
so sabre ha set up a conference room for our use while we are at corporate .
basically sabre ha tasked u with helping them branch into the retail marketplace .
they want to set up their own version of an apple store .
it did , it did .
oh , i like it .
we sell business tool and the store need to reflect that .
they need to be all business .
let all the other store look like a toy store .
what are my expectation for the group ?
i have been given the responsibility to manage stanley , a solid player , ryan , who is capable of surprise , erin , an excellent follower and kathy , a probably not totally useless enigma .
and , well , jim .
under the right manager , that is not a bad team .
today is the first day of sabre 's new project to develop a chain of retail store .
i am meeting my new bos , nellie bertram , head of special project .
work start at nine .
sabre hq is thirty minute away , driving the speed limit .
giving everyone twenty minute to shower , plus fifty for jim to style his hair , twenty for breakfast , forty for erin to get lost between her room and the lobby , ninety for ryan to do his morning ecstasy ... we are already twenty minute late .
hey , hey , hey , hey !
why are you sleeping that way ?
you have got to wake up , the hotel 's on fire !
heeeere 's dwi- what the- ?
look like jim got mixed up with some bad apple .
oh no , no , no , no .
it wa not me .
i got to find luwanda at the alcohol club .
attention , dunder mifflin group .
the vehicle is waiting .
seat have been assigned .
shotgun go to ryan .
i need to make nellie see me a a leader today .
first impression get locked in forever .
when i first met pam , she said something that slightly rubbed me the wrong way .
since then I have loved working with pam and she is frankly wonderful , but i hate her .
I will have a bottle of the antacid .
also , i want to get a souvenir for my son , but his mother doe not acknowledge my paternity .
do you have anything for that ?
also , i want it to have a florida feel .
okay , twiggy , that is enough .
get in the car .
I am fine , okay ?
it is just stress .
you know , because i care about this project .
and frankly the fact that none of you are vomiting or diarrheal right now i find very alarming .
very funny , jim .
I am going to set your face on fire .
you did not poison me , it is just stress .
what is the antidote ?
I will do it !
i always say , `` you want something done right ?
ask dwight . '' right ?
right dwight , right dwight .
sorry , now you will never be able to get that out of your head .
yes , a complete inability to pas gas , pervert .
ugh , yeah , it is tender .
it can not be appendicitis , i eat more than enough bacon .
okay , what poison mimic the symptom of appendicitis ?
oh , you do not know ?
what kind of poison did you use ?
yeah , I am going to need an ambulance .
hold on , i have the address in my phone .
hold on one second .
uh , quick question .
vice president , uh , who is that ?
there is no name listed .
send it to the frickin ' moon , idiot .
you talking about hunting ?
I am a master hunter .
I am a decent baiter .
my cousin mose , that is a master baiter .
why is everyone else standing up ?
okay team , let u get back to work !
I will be on top .
it is the most important position .
oh , i feel like I am going to vomit !
do not remember me like this .
remember me a the man who pulled down the screen .
phillip , if you are hearing this memo , that can only mean one thing , I am dead .
you are the rightful heir to schrute farm .
please , you must do one thing .
kill mose before he kill you .
mose , hey , it is dwight .
listen , yeah , i just want to give you a heads-up .
i just got out of surgery .
what is going on ?
who is doing the presentation ?
yeah todd , decent idea .
obvious , but interesting .
what is our presentation about ?
i got the surgery , what else is there to do ?
no , i do not feel like it .
you do a hundred jumping jack .
i want that vice-presidency .
`` you are too slow , you are too small , seabiscuit is a stupid name . '' you guy sound just like the enemy of seabiscuit .
I am going to do it .
all right , who is ready for the next presentation ?
what is our topic ?
oh , what a topic it is .
retail consumer habit is ... the only thing you need to know about retail consumer habit is that consumer are mindless lemming .
they just want to be told what to do .
fast forward to today , and the retail consumer is independent , well-informed , super smart .
shopping habit are both seasonal and cyclical .
what doe this mean ?
no , sit down .
`` seasonal . '' well , the christmas shopping season is certainly a busy one , back-to-school is , a well , and in early summer it seems to slow down a bit , but shopping is also cyclical .
the menstrual cycle determines every choice a woman make .
you see , during ovulation , a woman 's only goal is to get pregnant , and during menses , she is sad that she ha failed .
and how doe the woman console herself ?
just- jim , could you fetch me some ice chip ?
just going to ... take a ... brief pause at this point .
anderson 's three pillar of retail .
are there any question ?
the truth be told , we should really disregard anderson 's three pillar .
he wa later diagnosed with dementia .
you know what is important ?
is dwight 's pillar , and there is only one : desire .
do we have a desire to dominate the retail space ?
not just succeed in it , but to dominate , and looking around this room I am not so sure that we do , but we can get there , and i can lead u there , and that is all that matter .
thank you very much .
egg on my face .
just lost four ounce of appendix , already replaced it with muscle .
you are not paying me to heal , you are paying me to kick as .
I will go ahead and cancel my post-op check-up right now .
i had two goal today .
the first wa to make myself the clear candidate for vice president .
i achieved that , no thanks to my appendix .
the second wa to find a memorable souvenir for philip .
for that , i do have to thank my appendix .
that is not what i wa going to ask .
gosh , jump to conclusion .
come on , i know , you have got so much on your plate .
right now , you are like 'oh , what is more important ?
dwight 's question , figure out who is the vp ? ' dwight , vp .
can we at least eliminate those that are not in the running ?
free them up to focus more completely on the menial .
like stacking or sorting , or- that is a hobby , unless it is for food .
that is just a verb .
yes , nice , perfect .
english people ' main use today is judging american talent .
they are mean , but they are incisive .
genghis khan could take them both down because he is not afraid to kill child aEUR what ?
he- he would- he would eviscerate baby and hang them from pole outside of the village .
that is a stupid game .
i got a great drinking game .
okay , everyone empty your pocket .
whoever ha the most seed is the king .
whoever ha the least button is the hunchback .
oh , you get kicked .
no , they are not transferrable just because i handed them to you .
i see what you are doing .
the vp position is mine .
well , saddlesaEUR aEUR sometimes fall off , especially if you do not properly cinch the girth .
if anyone 's having sex with nellie for personal gain , it is me , and I am not joking at all .
if you do not tighten your saddle , you may fall off .
oh please , anyone can tie a knot , the real skill is in untying it you want to see a picture of me trapped under a tree ?
aEUR ahhmmmaEUR excuse meaEUR what ? !
not now , I am busy .
wait wait wait wait , bedbug ?
oh noaEUR freak , i need a favor .
i got to be gone for a few minute .
you make sure that packer doe not sleep with nellie .
you really want packer a your bos ?
if jim ha bedbug , that mean they are everywhere .
i can not risk them coming back to schrute farm .
our biggest attraction is our 200 year old mattress .
where did you see it ?
we got to find it before it egg .
could be a bat weevilaEUR describe it mood .
did it seen sleepy ?
fair enough , but after it bit you , did it run away fearful , or did it walk away smug , self-assured ?
that is a bedbug .
everything 's a joke .
so greasy , you should just shave all this .
okayaEUR one thing a bedbug thrives on is heat and carbon dioxide i am going to generate myself into a human trap .
when i jump into the bed , you are going to cover me with the sheet immediately .
and then we will see who is laughing .
let the bedbug bite !
nope , i wa not bitten .
oh , it is plenty warm , and i wa farting continuously under the sheet , creating a kind of greenhouse effect .
if there were any in here , they would have imbedded themselves in me .
no , you are good .
clean bill of health !
besides i got to get back downstairs .
i left packer alone with nellie for way too long .
no , that is the problem .
packer is trying to bed nellie for the vp job unless i do it first .
such a chorus girl .
euughhaEUR pathetic , huh ?
a real man swallow his vomit when a lady is presentaEUR hey .
okayaEUR seven , one , one , nineaEUR no , okay .
try againaEUR ugh , I am still getting number !
seven , one , oneaEUR is anyone around here thinking the number seven one one ?
because please stop , okay ?
wait , the number !
ohaEUR there you go .
aEUR nellie , wait .
let me write my room number on the card .
win at all cost , do not respect woman .
these are the tenet i wa brought up with , and they have served me well .
but my ancestor never worked in corporate america , and before that , hunter .
and before that , time traveler .
and before that , me again .
at least , that is how the legend go .
the point is they never had to worry about how they got ahead .
they just had to put food on the table and not alter the past .
where is the bug ?
it is a compound of chemical i pulled off the maid 's cart !
i think i saw it !
you can not stay here , this place is a biohazard .
if i were you , I would just bunk with cathy .
second best banana foster I have ever had .
today is the test launch day for the inaugural sabre store .
brr brr brr brr and i , dwight schrute , am in charge of the entire operation .
if i can prove myself today and the store is a hit with the medium and nellie see this , the vice presidency is mine .
we went over this , ok ?
your tiny finger make the best knot .
loam , magma , mantle , outer core , inner core .
nellie , thank you .
thank you so much .
today is press day and press is going to make or break this store .
and for a tech company , press can only mean one thing - blogger .
you are going to love them .
ryan is going to be the main event today .
he is the pitchman who is going to give the feisty yet profound speech worthy of a world 's fair .
ryan , you ready to do this ?
cathy , you will be the hot girl who talk to blogger .
packer , you will be the sexual predator who ha come to prey on the trendy teenage girl who are obsessed with the pyramid .
perfect casting , right ?
speaking of pimple , let u release the blogger !
there is plenty for everyone .
no need to panic .
there is plenty for everyone !
no need to stampede , sir .
it is going to be fine .
it is going to be fine .
there is plenty of pyramid .
oh , no , no , no .
it is really -- on the internet , it is a really -- that is a really good , good , thing .
are you trying to sabotage this entire event ?
you could have pretended to be chuck .
i begged you to pretend to be chuck , but you chose to be yourself , and you can no longer be chuck !
you know what you have to do .
point it towards the store , idiot !
you know what i mean ?
one of these button is -- damn it .
oh hey , hey , hey , you guy , you must be lost .
excuse me , sir .
yeah , the fountain where you can feed the pigeon is out behind the bank .
tell your great-grandson to bring his kid by .
the elderly suck the life out of the young .
get them out of here !
cathy , i would like to introduce you to fatty gruesome .
he is a freelancer for wired magazine .
but you still work for wired , right ?
i know , i know , champ .
calm down , just listen .
you just need to realize that so much ride on this .
you have no idea .
I am trying to make him feel important .
um ... oh , ryan , you are so smart .
you are smarter than mark zuckerberg and those google guy all combined .
what is a book ?
jim , get him a water .
why are you just standing there ?
go to a nearby store and get him a yellow or green sport drink !
have you seen erin ?
oh god ... hey no !
where do you think you are going ?
you have got to stay for the big presentation we have got this young wiz kid -- ryan .
he is like an even more handsome bill gate .
it is moment away .
how long ha he been in the bathroom ?
what is he doing in there ?
are there any blogger around ?
i had to send him home .
a brilliant and creative a he is , he is nothing ... compared to this guy !
will you just give u a second ?
jim -- look at me .
look ... at ... this ... face .
this is not the face of a performer .
this is the face of a scary apparition you see before you die .
I am telling you ... if you do not do this , i do not stand a chance .
oh , my god .
go get into ryan 's costume and check out his note .
of course there is a costume !
oh , this is going to be great .
there is nothing like some last-minutes change to really energize a presentation .
did you pas out in there ?
what is taking so long ?
i want to watch you get dressed .
did you find the eyeliner ?
you are wearing eyeliner , jim .
okay , okay , i will be the first to admit it .
we could have integrated more chuck into the presentation .
ha , ha , ha , ha !
are you kidding me ?
who would put a poison dart , well , i mean , i do not know that it is poison .
i mean , i just have to imagine .
god , I am glad he is ok though .
kind of sound like he deserved it , opening another man 's treasure and all .
well , mister ball , it is been a pleasure .
now , give my regard to hell .
you think you are excited ?
you should feel my nipple .
oh my gosh , thank you jim , that is so thoughtful .
do not even care !
well , jim , i just want to say that we have not always got along and at time , I have even hated your gut .
but ... bye , bye .
robert , race you to the clubhouse , gentleman 's bet .
I am going to win , ha ha , I am the gentleman !
the math is simple folk .
deeper market penetration , plus greater visibility , will raise sabre to the power of two .
that is a great idea .
cathy , write that down and print it out .
it is going to make some really good toilet paper .
what are you doing here ?
i thought i got rid of you ?
what , your stylist ran out of 'messy spray ' ?
you want to do something for my own good ?
turn around , walk out that door , do not stop 'til you get to scranton , find my cell phone charger , mail it back to me , and then go hell .
i know what you are trying to do , i do not want it .
but your face doe look like the guy from operation .
that you look like the world 's tallest hobbit .
gosh , i keep throwing you away , you keep flying back here .
you are like an amish return stick .
yes , you may tell me one thing .
wait , you want to borrow money ?
jim , come on .
he is going to kill the store ?
and he is going to fire me ?
that is two thing .
nice try , jim .
your prank have never worked in the past and they are not going to work today .
you might want to get to the airport .
it is going to take you a long time to get through security with all those beauty product .
nothing is going to stop me .
that is the mark of a great man .
dunder-mifflin , the farm , mose , all those thing vanish in my rearview mirror .
now , if you will excuse me , i have a date with destiny .
and from what i hear , she is a slu- ah !
ali had to do wa think about pie and my salivary gland did the rest .
my appendix- my wound ha not healed yet .
huh , huh , huh !
i wa trying to go- ok , ok. then you know what ?
I am just going to have to run right through you .
anything else you need to talk about ?
once again , it is show time .
my warcraft clan wa still on speaking term .
well this ha been fun , pam .
thanks for calling u all down here .
how could robert transfer nellie here after the sabre store debacle ?
she stink of failure .
the fact that she could show her face around here is an embarrassment .
I am in an identical situation .
i would not let her manage a celery farm .
those who can not farm , farm celery .
i refuse to be judged by someone that i do not respect .
i lost respect for you in florida .
if it wa up to me , you would be in jail forever .
there is no limit to what i think i deserve .
six percent , i know my worth .
money is not real ever since we got off the gold standard .
no , you know what ?
that is exactly how it should work .
darryl , this office is mine now .
yes , sorry too late .
ow , ow , ow .
ow , ow , ow , ow .
i accept the outcome .
neither of those look like any person that ha ever existed or been dreamt of in the history of human insanity .
that said , the one on the left .
do not listen to jim .
have you ever seen him play tetri ?
`` oh , i think I will just use this line horizontally .
oh , i had no idea what a gift this line is . '' i will get the chair in .
watch the great schrutini work his magic .
i wonder if king-sized sheet are called presidential-sized in england .
i really should have a tweeter account .
i have to see these shoe .
here is the two of them taking a hike .
I am guessing he is some kind of friend .
here is the two of them kissing at a beach and kissing at the eiffel tower .
I am guessing he is some kind of close romantic friend .
you read my mind .
maybe someone threw a pie in his face .
new theory- he is a hated italian politician .
why not call ... that is awful .
what kind of restaurant .
if it would help you to forget , i could hit you in the brain stem with this candlestick .
okay scram , wizard .
nellie let me bobble-ize him .
his name is now captain mutato .
I have written quite a bit of x-men fan fiction .
captain mutato is half man , half mermaid .
so he can fight crime a a man and make love a a mermaid .
most of my writing involves the latter .
erin , i am so glad that you trusted me .
you came to the exact right person for this .
no , i have never once experienced anything remotely like that .
one of toby 's eye is getting smaller .
so there is that .
gabe bragged about having an extra ticket to the air show this weekend and meredith said she wa interested and then gabe said immediately that his friend might be taking the ticket .
so I will keep you posted on that .
every day i brief nellie on what is going on in the office .
most of it is irrelevant .
but a good informer doe not judge what is worth passing on .
oh , and andy lost his masculinity , so congratulation on that .
erin made it clear to me that he wa unable to perform sexually last night .
by contrast , i went to sleep with an erection so large it wa like i wa wearing no blanket at all .
wow , i knew you would win , but you just demolished him !
I am a little bit jealous , actually .
reduced him to a mere ant .
it is not just a human problem .
flounder frequently experience impotence , especially when converting from male to female and then back again to male .
no , no , no , no , no , it is not me .
I am going to prove it right here and now .
you know , my rectal electro-ejaculator is rated for bovine use only but i could let you rent it .
you do not like the beatles ?
i do not want to alarm people , but there is a distinct chance that we are all about to be killed there is a disgruntled ex-employee sitting in his car in the parking lot .
that is how workplace tragedy always begin .
a middle aged white male `` hanging out '' .
i do not even know what kind of weapon he ha .
could be a knife , could be a gun .
could be a series of gun all lined up to shoot parallel .
I am going up to the roof .
and I am going to bring my gym bag just in case .
wait , you think jiu-jitsu class cost $ 22 if you are going to guess the price , you might a well try to be halfway accurate .
you guess the price , you win the prize .
have you never been to a quaker fair before ?
how much do you guy charge for a one full year gym membership ?
it is $ 475 !
like candy from a baby !
oh , oh , oh !
thank you very much !
all i had to do wa look at the price , idiot !
wow , i can not tell you what an honor it is to support this thing ... and obviously that amount of money is no concern to me whatsoever .
but , i want to ask you something : when did it become all about the money .
when did it become about the flower arrangement , and the white wine spritser , hmm ?
and all the dinner roll .
you people should be ashamed of yourselves !
how many course did we have tonight , two ?
three maybe , if you choose the pudding ?
i mean what waste !
these table tarted up like victorian whore !
let u ' remember we are all here for the dog society .
he is what is important , whatever his name is .
not any of this .
so that is going to be my donation to you .
thank you and good night !
protein powder , huh ?
you cut it with water ?
why do not you just take estrogen ?
there you go boy .
see how papa take care of you ?
oh , i bet you think it is all about core , huh ?
feast on this , lewis .
oh , thank you .
i do not need your help .
here , here ... just ... good , we have a deal ?
thanks so much earl .
and they said it could not be done .
yeah , and we are not interested in your sour grape , okay ?
jim , tell him where he can stick his grape .
no , jim , the butt , in his butt .
and you are ... lloyd gross is a fictional salesman we invented to - how do i put this - steal from the company .
are you kidding me ?
you told me there wa a rule .
i could have choked so many people by now .
chair , lamp , plant , table leg , jim 's leg .
okay , what are you deciding ?
we get a say .
do not listen to him .
okay , they are responsible for half of the junk mail on the eastern seaboard .
we already put a call into them , robert .
jim , you know what would be really dastardly ?
if we snuck out of here and got to the client first .
wha - what is this supposed to be ?
jim , great real .
this is not a monkey .
it is got a hula skirt and a blue nose .
go slash his tire !
go dent his hood .
oh , that is great .
that is like a five second delay .
come on , let u go !
doe this thing have turbo ?
go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go .
I will stall him .
I am going to activate the seismic failsafe .
we will be stuck between floor for hour .
my pant fell down .
my pant fell down !
i do not have a belt !
dunder mifflin , scranton .
forgive my pant , they fell down .
an appointment with mr. ramish , please .
right now is fine .
no , no , no , i wa here first .
dunder mifflin , scranton .
well - i wa here first .
i already made an appointment ... with your secretary .
wait , it is not d.m utica , is it ?
or do you also have a monopoly on thirst ?
let him get his own .
it is syracuse money .
jim could not land me in a thousand year .
how have we never talked about this before ?
you do not even care about national .
he is searching out younger gay .
you okay , robert ?
put some ice on it .
i wanted to give a nice gift to the tenant in the building .
at first i thought , `` muffin basket . '' then i thought , `` what is even more precious to people than muffin ? '' ... their own child .
hey everybody , just a few hour left for the free family portrait studio .
we would love to see little jada come by .
why do not you bring by your little angel ?
jim , you have got those two cute kid .
we sure would love to see them .
damn it , jim !
great , right up there .
jim , right here , right here .
cute kid , thanks for coming .
well , well , well .
senator lipton , welcome .
nice to see you .
may i hold him ?
okay , hold on for a second , folk .
a few of the baby 's hair are out of place .
okay , here we go .
oh , you know what ?
i do not want to throw a wrench in the work , but i want everything to be perfect and the baby 's fingernail are just bothering me- okay , great .
although , are those excess skin cell on the baby 's cheek distracting to you a well ?
he defecated , aw .
is this what you were looking for ?
operation phoenix is a go .
just get the car ready .
they are testing it now .
how wa my summer ?
it wa pretty mixed .
i invented a new power drink made out of beet runoff .
so that is really good .
but i got some disappointing medical news .
i do not see it .
yes , yes i am .
in a way it is like i have a son .
maybe someday they will hire someone who look like a younger version of him .
and then I will have a grandson .
good boy , getting big and strong .
i have it too .
i have a couple ticket to the slayer concert 10 month from now .
well , we are both just kind of learning a we go , are not we ?
just how this going to be , you know ?
you have a beautiful round head .
so what kind of farming you into , huh ?
you more of a fruit man or a root man ?
spoken like a true root man .
you want a list of my client ?
you want my lead ?
ok with my lead and stuff like that ?
because you are interested in going into sale ?
wow , that is great .
ok , good , let u talk about that , ok ?
you are not getting my client !
I am not familiar with the word .
and i really do not have time to learn new word right now , ok ?
a pudgy 22-year-old is trying to take my job .
jim , get ready for the battle of your life .
dwight jr is after my job .
there is a shark hiding inside that adorable little cherub .
wait , salesaEUR '' what sale meeting ?
the new guy called a sale meeting ?
there is no belt above black .
is there a belt above black ?
it is a tightrope for baby .
ok , i am just getting started , ok ?
that is not true .
just give me another chance .
this is a stupid activity .
i would be embarrassed to be good at it .
slack lining , please .
untie that rope , give it to a couple of pig-tailed school girl , let them start jumping with it while chanting a rhyme and giggling about boy .
doe not seem so macho now , doe it ?
it is a jump rope !
hey come up here , up the ladder .
come here , I will show you .
do you see how the trapeze completely surround the wire ?
that mean it is literally impossible for anyone to fall off .
so you will merely sit below and be my counterweight a i pedal across the parking lot to that telephone pole .
yeah we weigh about the same , would not you say ?
so you will do it ?
come on , this will be the only thrill of your boring life .
i can not use phyllis .
are you kidding me ?
the moment she step off this bar I will be launched into space .
god , you are so insensitive .
ok. oh , god .
attention , employee of dunder mifflin .
everyone think the new guy are so cool because they can slack line .
hey clark , this is what a areal salesman look like .
they say that you only live once and I am about to prove it .
i will not be participating a there is no evidence that charity work .
fine , i chose the global relief foundation .
which wa recently discovered to be a front for the taliban .
the taliban in afa-ghanistan .
well , it look like there will not be any operation give back .
the nanny state is over , lady and gentleman .
anything else would be inconsistent .
absolutely , i will .
i feared nellie had some sort of a plan but she used a ridiculous font .
you do not have a plan .
oh , and let your precious operation power grab proceed unchecked ?
this cleaver appears to need sharpening .
i suggest you spend some quality time together just you and your hand .
tie a shoe , toss a salad .
do any of the two hand activity that you will miss the most .
sound like a plan .
it is going to be over before you know it .
this is for real this time .
if you like james franco , we really should watch rise of the planet of the ape .
that doe not make you a genius .
yeah , it doe , actually .
it make you real stupid .
no , like you .
you are the stupid one .
you are the stupid one .
you , you , you , you ... who are you ?
you are not jim .
jim 's not asian alright then jim .
ahhh , why do not you tell me about that sale that you made yesterday ?
how did you know ?
that is sensitive information only for employee , not outsider !
you do not work here !
you are not jim !
i do not know who you are , but you are not jim .
oh , how did -- ?
it is a great language .
if you are a chain-smoking acrobat .
you want to learn a really impressive second language ?
win over any man in my guild .
dothraki is the native tongue of the nomadic war-mongering horse lord of essos a featured in the superb home box office series , game of throne .
it ha a lot of nudity .
which i fast-forward through to get to the chopped-off head .
i could teach you if you want .
it is a lot easier than french .
it mean `` excellent '' .
and we have begun .
more of a , barbaric growl .
you are shouting it from the back of a horse !
doe anyone here have fermented mare 's milk ?
people laughed at klingon at first , and now you can major in it .
wa a member of the bund .
which is not technically the same thing a the nazi party .
i wa joking about that whole bund thing .
oh ho , the look on your face !
nothing is going on .
ok , excuse me .
i am the landlord .
this is between me and the management , no one else .
everything here is up to code .
oh , the wire need insulation .
it is a wire people .
I am not buying it a fur coat .
`` statistical correlation exist between emf radiation and various health hazard .
but mainstream study are inconclusive ! '' that mean you can not make me do squat .
you people do not realize what you are asking .
I would have to rip open the wall .
we would have to shut this place down for a week .
i know what jim is trying to do .
he is trying to get big bad dwight to she will out for a huge repair job while lucky jimbo get a paid vacation .
well sorry , lucky jimbo , i can live very happily in a magnetic field .
most of my childhood hero got their power that way .
had them all my life .
no nobbies , no probbies .
keep your snack on your side , jim .
some of these kernel have crowned .
so , we will be leaving the office for one whole week .
in my contract , it is stipulated that i provide a temporary work space .
it will arrive in one hour .
roll into the future with work bus .
say goodbye to wasteful building .
these day a mobile office is not just for hotshot politician .
now anyone can rent a work bus .
if you have got a parking lot , a work space is just a phone call away .
in this age of belt tightening and le empowered worker , a work bus is how tomorrow get thing done .
what can i say ?
you forced me to spend money on needle repair , and uh now you are locked in a prison bus and your woman drip with beverage .
it is not my responsibility to solve your marriage problem by spending my money on gas .
this is a work bus .
the wheel are for transporting the work space to and from the work site .
get your foot behind the yellow line .
I am sorry to spoil jim 's fantastic voyage everyone , but we are almost out of gas .
that name brand place ?
nope forget about it , sorry .
the tank are so big on this thing , five cent a gallon extra , that really add up .
stop ordering me around , jim !
jim , you win .
we have been battling for a long time , but you know what ?
you win , because you are the winner , you are the alpha male , there you go .
alpha male , go buy your wife a pie .
go buy the whole world a pie .
I am barren , jim .
my trouser hive are void of honey .
i had congress with angela and the child that she bore did not issue from my loin .
i thought i would be a father and instead i am a eunuch .
neutered by my own building .
you mean you flooded my building with dangerous electromagnetic radiation a a prank ?
that is the best prank you have ever done .
how long did it take you and pam to conceive ?
what position did you use to conceive ?
or lady on her back ?
you used lady on her back , did not you , you freak .
never mind , jim .
you know there is a phrase about that in german .
used almost exclusively by childless landlord to console themselves .
i really understand it .
when you do not get out of the way !
out of the way !
oh , better than ok. you know what honey ?
I am going to get you that rhubarb pie .
this year i decided to really get into the spirit of halloween .
it may have been the costliest decision I have ever made .
my greased up head went into the pumpkin no problem , but ... i can not get it out .
i mean , i could try destroying the pumpkin ... jim , no .
but a jim and i discovered ... no !
... any blow to the pumpkin itself could prove fatal to me .
at first i drove myself crazy thinking about the thing i should have done differently .
i never should have played that joke on erin .
i never should have hollowed out this damn pumpkin in the first place .
then i realized that i wa being silly .
i mean the pumpkin should rot off of my head in a month or two .
what lab did these little clone escape from ?
look I am eating you .
hey erin , look , these are nerd .
I am eating jims .
must eat more jims .
oink oink oink oink .
oh no , I am spilling jim all over the carpet .
what do you do ?
dumatril is licensed to treat anxiety symptom , such a panic attack , excessive worrying , and fear .
translation : there is a madman in our midst .
this is a pill that i found here in the office .
but it is not for worm or eczema like any normal pill .
it is not for any disorder of the body .
it is for a disorder of the mind .
okay , this is a pill that combat insanity , okay ?
whoever is taking it is not only insane ... they are now off their med .
why are you trying so hard to bury this thing , huh ?
what is going on nellie ?
I will get my apprehension kit .
I am just here to smear some peanut butter on my forehead .
that make sense to you , right ?
or doe it sound ... crazy ?
so this make sense then .
or is it crazy ?
is that where the nanobots like to come in ?
is that how they like to get in ?
i do not know .
i just do not know .
all right , just ... stay focused on the pill .
you think i do not have anxiety ?
i have anxiety all the time .
every waking moment of my life is sheer torture .
i have land dispute I have got to settle and idiot cousin to protect .
and never- do- well sibling to take care of .
but i do not need some stupid pill to get me through all this .
the jig is up , psychopath !
let u see ya get out of this web , huh ?
i want some of those pill .
no , no , no .
they are not for me .
they are for my cousin mose .
he is just having a tough time , being wifeless , and a high pressure job and his crazy cousin mose .
mose or the real mose ?
he say thank you .
the medium can make you famous .
and do you have any idea how easy it is to sell something when you are famous ?
`` uh , yeah wow .
10 ream of 40 pound bond at only $ 690 after discount ?
um , whatever you say , brad pitt . '' it is that easy .
blah blah blah , rat tat tat tittle tattled and prattled on about the little metal bottle , she spat a bit of spittle ... ... in a bitter battle .. hey , hey !
stop questioning my method , ok ?
i wa chosen for this task for a very good reason .
tricky siskel spat a bit of wicked biscuit ....
sounds- this is dwight shrute .
iris , thank you so much for having me .
iris , let me tell you .
david wallace is the ceo , but he is not hand on .
entirely is the perfect way to describe it , iris .
now then , we were saying .
when my workers-gather- that is impossible .
ok , how is my voice now ?
this is gotcha journalism .
they are not going to gotch me .
this is slander , ms. black .
i dare you to produce one credible source about this .
do not listen to her !
this employee is obviously disgruntled !
get out of here moron !
uhhhh .... no one .
no , everything 's fine .
that is what I am saying !
no of course not !
what are you talking about ?
i wa just following order !
listen , the person responsible for this catastrophe is the ceo and chairman , david wallace !
everyone , hold on !
I have got a solution .
i know wallace 's phone number , everyone hold , I will conference him in .
david , is that you ?
oh , thank god .
oh , thank god .
oh , I am ok. i just want you to know that i believe in you .
and i believe in your ability to make the right choice .
i always have , david .
you are welcome , sir .
but david , listen to me carefully .
I am going to need you to let the mailman go .
walk out of the house ... ... with your hand on top of your head , everything is going to be fine .
dunder mifflin will be in good hand while you are away in prison .
wait a minute , you guy ?
overall , I would say my first radio interview went pretty much the way i expected .
well , hi there david wallace .
why would you ever call me when the manager is out of town ?
and you did not call jim - that seems significant .
no , he should not .
okay , david , i want to take you off speaker but ... i do not know where I would put you .
the white page : do you want it ?
do you use it ?
doe it inexplicably show up on your doorstep three time a year ?
yes , yes , and yes .
there is a reason that we in the paper industry call this thing `` the white whale '' .
look at all that sweet blubber .
I am going to need to put you on hold for a second .
eat ... where is stanley ?
will you run into the bathroom and tell him to eat it ?
hey david , I am back .
so uh , last i remember tom peterman wa in charge of that account ?
thank you so much for calling me !
good luck to you .
that is a damnable lie .
'gy-na ' said that ?
get ready to learn a few new trick , old dog .
may i please speak to your bos ?
okay , this is not working for me , because no one would ever believe that she would be a bos .
i never sit down during sale meeting .
i want to appear aggressive and imposing .
i am going to sell to you in twelve minute i will tell her what her need are and then fill them .
so this is going to work out best for you if you just relax and do nothing .
and once I am finished , it is over .
i thought it went great .
listening happens in the ear and in the brain .
i mean , some organism have external hair that vibrate to indicate auditory stimulation but unfortunately , our external hair do not vibrate at all .
what are you doing ?
i am a person .
that is a bit extreme .
okay , I am a woman .
I am a woman .
I am so proud of them .
i carried each one of them for nine month inside of my torso and then pushed them out of my vagina .
look , i have no problem with woman .
it is businesswoman and their , their power suit and their shoulder pad .
do not lie about your shoulder !
i had a barber once who used to comb my hair gently .
okay , i can do that .
he used to fight dog .
little of this , little of that .
just a little off the top and then a nice combing .
yeah , just comb it .
oh , dear god in heaven .
your daughter could be a bubble bath model .
i could just bite her head off .
yes , she is .
now , i may not have any instinct with woman , but i have an instinct for sale .
you keep her occupied .
I will be right back .
january .. you thought i had no more card left to play .
well I have got one .
the ace of babe .
you are the quizno 's .
jan , may i introduce to you your own personal dunder mifflin liaison , devoted to servicing this account with total client satisfaction .
i sensed that molly wa not quite meeting your need -- nothing like , uh , your old assistant ... hunter .
wa that his name ?
he is been growing that mustache for week .
best he can do ... so young .
oh and uh , molly ... i know it can not be easy working for january good luck with your feeling .
oh , i got her number .
that is all you need .
and when i have curried favor with her , i will let you know .
because you are my friend and you are a woman ... and woman love gossip .
it is like air to you people .
well , well , well , it is finally happened .
pam ha ceased caring .
come on in , the water 's fine .
that is not why I am naked .
i always work out without my clothes .
oh , I am sorry , your vigilante privilege ended when you broke up with me .
if I am not in your panty , i do not go vigilante .
why do not you ask your husband ?
all right , what are we talking ?
yeah , the le i know , the better .
i know just the guy .
he wa a volunteer sheriff too .
kicked off the force .
I am going to use sm text .
all we can do is sit and wait .
oh , look at that .
yeah , he is free anytime .
get in the van .
well , this documentary crew ha been following our every move for the past nine year , but i do not see them so i think we are good .
doe he own a gun ?
do you have any idea how many gun trevor 's had stolen from him ?
you get half now and half upon completion of said job .
you can not have someone murdered .
what did they do to you , angela ?
oh , i feel for you .
there are a lot of different way to get revenge .
I have had great success by defecating in a paper bag , put it on the porch- no !
you are not helping , trevor !
what are you saying ?
I am trying , but what you are asking is- okay .
but it is cruel , because a woman with damaged knee can not scrub worth a damn .
the target- it is oscar , is not it ?
he and the senator are gaying each other .
your nostril tell a different story .
they flare like that every time you are engaging in deception .
hello again , naughty nostril .
well i could understand you wanting to get a stranger 's knee whacked .
but a co-worker- dare i say , a friend ?
i can not even imagine how painful this must be for you .
but the first one to break your marriage vow were you and me .
what do you mean ?
hey come with me .
come -- come with me .
there are a bunch of construction worker in the warehouse without their trouser , drinking diet soda .
you have got to see this .
there is no time to explain .
okay , actually , there is time to explain .
when angela found out that you seduced her husband , we hired a guy to break your knee cap .
what is wrong with you ?
there are a million gorgeous guy in the scranton wilkes-barre area , and you choose the man who is the father of her child ?
oh , do not lie .
I am trying to save those precious knee you are always bragging about .
now , let u get out of here .
he could be right behind u .
actually , he is right in front of u .
no , trevor , i am not going to let you .
he is a dunder-mifflin man .
he is my tribe .
he is a friend .
he is a friend .
see ya later , trevor .
i just saved your life .
you are not stupid .
you are going to be okay , monkey .
i do not like him either .
and yet i really like him .
where doe gayness come from ?
and how is it transmitted ?
is it called red-vining ?
we heard it wa called red-vining .
where are gay men ' vagina ?
when two gay men have sex , how do they know whose penis will open up to accept the other person 's penis ?
uh , excuse me .
trying to get work done .
some people do not care about jim 's new sport job in phila-whatever .
from the greek phila meaning `` love , '' and adelph , meaning `` adolf . '' `` the city that love adolf . '' good luck with your new enterprise and do not wear the blue striped shirt .
it make your neck look like an old mop handle .
what about an authentic pennsylvania dutch christmas ?
drink some gluhwein , enjoy some hasenpfeffer .
enjoy christmas with saint nicolas ' rural german companion , belsnickel .
or , who wa it that suggested the authentic pennsylvania dutch christmas ?
i think it wa someone really popular .
this is me and my family celebrating pennsylvania dutch christmas in 1982 on the farm .
there is me and my brother jeb breaking the ceremonial pig rib .
he doe not come back for christmas anymore .
the sepia tint is from an app on my phone .
this is the same photo , matrix style .
it is a christmas miracle !
you have never been cooler .
and pennsylvania dutch christmas ha officially begun .
that is gluhwein , otherwise known a glow-wine , also used to sterilize medical instrument .
and , interesting factoid , this is the very spoon that guided my soft skull through the birth canal when i wa born .
somebody is found the hog maw .
it is a pennsylvania dutch specialty .
that is a beauty , is not it ?
i do not even want to tell you what it is made of until after you try it .
it is stuffed pig stomach .
and , after we finish it , we get to break the pig rib .
this is austere , meredith .
this is celebrating christmas for all of the right reason .
the cooky and toy and sweet are mere distraction .
i mean , most people do not even know that a candy cane represents a shepherd 's crook , which i assure you doe not taste like peppermint .
it taste like sheep feces .
have you ever tasted a shepherd 's crook ?
wait , what is that i hear ?
is someone on the roof ?
i have to run to my car to take a dump .
ohh ... judgment is nigh , for the belsnickel ist i !
every year , my grandfather would dress up a belsnickel at christmas .
he wa ... okay at it .
you know how they say some people were born to be bad ?
well , i wa born to be belsnickel .
ooh , belsnickel ha traveled from distant land to discover how all the boy and the girl have been behaving this last year .
whoo hoo hoo hoo hoo !
ohh ... too much strudel .
no , much better-no one fear santa the way they fear belsnickel .
seriously , you guy ?
now you believe in dwight 's tradition , when some democrat look it up on wikipedia ?
oh , come on .
we do not blindly stick to every outmoded aspect of our tradition .
come on , get with the spirit of it , you guy .
take a bowl and pas it down .
no , these are gift bowl .
when you recieve a gift , it will go in the bowl , but the bowl must be returned at the end .
they are a set .
now , hold your bowl forward .
the belsnickel will decide if you are impish or admirable .
no , impish or admirable .
of course i checked it .
i checked it more than once .
i judge your year a ... admirable .
it is a set of rubber gasket for canning jar .
you can not have the bowl !
oscar martinez , cheer or fear ?
i judge your year ... a impish !
no , I am carrying around the stick in order to look cool .
for the kinder in a head-to-head contest , people prefer belsnickel over santa every time .
there are not a many song about him , but i attribute that more to rhyming difficulty .
my brother and i wrote one once .
it wa about a fickle pickle salesman who would tickle you for a nickel .
it is a punishment .
hey , where are you going ?
but you work tomorrow .
but we were going to break the pig rib .
belsnickel care not about this-off with you !
wait , wait , wait , wait !
do not you want to know your present ?
i judge your year a impish .
i judge you impish !
they are not abandoning the party .
you quit on christmas , christmas quits on you .
and guess what , kid .
belsnickel is not real .
it is me , dwight !
everyone thought the food wa gross , and that belsnickel wa some darkly erotic freak .
jim could not even stay till the end of the party .
i do not care .
guess how much i care on a scale of one to ten .
I will just have another dumatril .
jim taught me this really cool way to take it .
you crush it into a powder , and you snort it up your butt .
let u not speak of that .
we could totally break the pig rib !
I am going to dig it out of the trash !
jim got the bigger half .
lock the door , we are on full quarantine .
of all of the vermin in god 's great green kingdom , louse are the one i detest the most .
my first day of school , i had louse , and no one would play with me .
for 15 year , they called me freak and four eye and sci-fi nerd and girl puncher .
all because i had louse when i wa 7. make way , nope , inspect me .
i use louse shampoo every morning .
it is a hazmat suit .
that stand for hazaderous material men 's suit wearing .
if you rent more than four time a year , it just make sense to buy .
is there anyone else here that is louse free ?
do you have your own hazmat suit ?
ok , I am going to need you to gather your belonging , retreat to the warehouse , conduct your business there until the infected have been deloused .
let u get going .
I am going to stay here and fight .
if you do not hear from me by lunch , call me .
i might want lunch .
scalp leech , skull vampire , follicle gypsy , hair lawyer .
one thing is clear , it is kill or be killed !
I am not going to lie .
let u talk pubes , people .
oh sure , and when you are ready to get serious , come to me to get it done right .
oh god , oh no .
she is right pam .
yeah there is a volume knob on that thing .
attention , people of the office .
you have exactly 60 secondes to evacutate the bull pen .
at that time , i will be tossing this powerful insecticidal grenade , which contains piperonyl butoxide , a well a ... whoa .
hypertoxide ha a mild hallucigenic effect , but i do not think it is kicked in yet .
I am going to count down from ten .
nine , yellow , cold , sad , purple .
i had a pretty good day today .
not everything went exactly according to plan , but louse if you are watching , i am ready for you anytime , anywhere .
stone and son suit warehouse recently lost their paper provider .
they are a family owned business .
jim and i used to clean up at those .
we would go in pretending to be family - brother .
we did it at a family owned law firm , at a family owned construction company , and a family owned motorcycle store .
jim and dwight shrupert .
i wa the dynamic , likeable winner that wa doted upon by mom .
and jim wa the closeted foot fetishist pretending to belong .
the client never knew any of that , but i knew .
i hope you have been paying your wig storage bill jimbo , because it is time for another episode of `` handsome and stinky , paper brother for hire '' .
oh , god , this again ?
phyllis , my sister ?
more like my dead great great grandmother who died of stupidity .
oh , do you really have ear , phyllis ?
like all human being ?
we all have ear .
see what you leave me with here , jim ?
how is that my problem ?
get in your car and drive down here .
you can make it in 30 minute if you drive 240 mile per hour .
that is a good ... question .
300 time ... 180 ... um that come to 25 minute .
oh , well , thank you jim .
yes , i am better than you .
thanks for acknowledging that .
okay , bye bye .
we are all so proud of you for the small part that you played in landing the white page .
prouder of me , but ... gosh , you know , i wish i could but , uh ... no .
hey , listen , remember how everyone used to call you dwight junior and how much you loved that ?
how would you like to pretend to by my son in order to land a sale ?
then look like we have a deal ... son you know , you are right !
we had not even thought of that , had we boy ?
you are a hunter i see .
spend your early morning out in the blind , like clarky and me .
it wa his birthday , just turned three .
so ... ... but i think that all of your concern will be answered when you see the brochure that clark 's getting out of my car .
he is a good boy , doe whatever i say .
well , thing between me and clark are good , but not great .
in fact , i will say that they are not even good .
really , they are bad .
like you and your son .
what took you so long ?
were you loitering out there like a hooligan , smoking a doobie ?
you are being disrespectful !
we do not get along .
stupid , stupid genius !
i bet you have .
he know nothing about what people have heard before , my son .
maybe if you listened a little bit , you would improve .
no wonder woman despise you .
his last girlfriend wa a transvestite .
i knew it right away .
adam 's apple like the prow of a ship , thumb like a lowland gorilla .
ha , but this one could not see it , or did not want to see it .
he is always been a liar .
ever since he wa a little kid .
he got caught `` saving treat '' from the kitty litter box .
glistening brown morsel tumbling from every pouch in his trouser .
following the cat around on his knee with his hand cupped beneath it tail , going `` please kitty , may i have some more ? '' you can not make this stuff up !
got cat turd collector written all over him .
the men are talking .
u old timer need to stick together .
and how better than by signing a contract ?
wait , so you are the bos ?
yeah , you do not want italian .
you will look like a mafia don .
next thing you know , you will be doing life in rikers island .
that place doe not exist .
it is not a documented island .
ha ha , cartograph much ?
actually ... you look great .
they steered you right .
i guess it doe make sense buying from a father son team .
I will take one too .
and you closed it .
the boy are back in town .
i used to collect them !
each one is very different , like a snowflake .
got to clear out these file cabinet people , a lot of these are dead account .
`` scranton mimeograph corp ? '' i do not think we are doing business with them any time soon .
a letter from robert dunder .
`` a valuable artifact ha come into my possession .
i have hidden it until such time a a person of strong intellect may safely recover it .
this golden chalice is of immeasurable historical and religious significance . '' the holy grail .
`` higher than number go . '' the ceiling above accounting !
an `` x . '' oh .
`` sedes introiti . '' seat of entrance .
let u just forget it .
pfft , `` athlead '' ?
they are too lazy to call it athlete lead ?
jim should just call it `` stumpany , '' for `` stupid company . '' you are working for `` stumpany '' too ?
hey , halpert , what is the big idea ?
first you jump ship .
now you are stealing darryl too .
when will it end ?
you will not stop until you have poached u all .
I will be damned if I am going to let u lose me .
uh , coffee order is going around -- on me .
just sign your name below .
this -- uh , what ?
double mocha latte , please ?
just sign your name below .
yeah , we will see about that .
bust out your complaint file .
i need everything you have got on darryl since he started working for jim in the last few week .
break it down by keyword , okay ?
`` infuriating , irresponsible '' ... okay , I am going to need you to print it out .
can you hold it in your hand ?
can you nudge it with your finger ?
can you dump it on a woman ?
because it is an idea .
but what doe it mean ?
mr. romanko ha been a client for 20 year .
he came in today in a rage .
because darryl wa focusing on outside project and need to remember his first priority- the client .
no , you are not going anywhere , okay ?
you are angry , and we are going to hear you out , all right ?
because business is about relationship , and the key to relationship is what , darryl ?
thank you so much for coming .
darryl and i will be here to serve you for year and year and year and year .
so , should we go call jim and tell him to go screw himself ?
it can not be more fun than selling paper and paper product .
are you pretending to be crazy , huh ?
you looking for fun ?
it just found you !
yes , we will be delivering a shipment of paper today , but i will also be delivering you a big shipment of fun !
uh , not far at all , but i thought along the way , we could play some sport .
I will take a burger over a gross philly cheese-steak any day .
fire in the hole !
now that is what working at a paper company 's all about !
wait , what you doing ?
no , i need the k- we have to go .
it is a youtube thing !
come on , they are coming .
it barely even feel like a prank anymore .
yeah , joke 's on you buddy !
they make you come back and clean it up !
did i just hear you laughing with glee ?
that is right , a couple of old friend .
must be this cool to ride .
oh , did i ?
oh , yes , i did .
wallace is letting me hire a junior sale associate to sit at jim 's desk while he is away in philly .
finally I will have someone at my desk clump who get me .
it is like , `` really , jim ?
you do not understand the difference between a slaughterhouse and a rendering plant ?
uh , remind me not to lend you any dead cow or horse . '' wow .
you are going to get your interview , okay ?
i know that you are going head-to-head against some real superstar , but you got a really good chance .
clark ha no chance .
i mean , he is up against my buddy rolf , for god 's sake .
guy go fishing with hand grenade .
and trevor - he will make you laugh so hard , you will puke your pant .
big change coming to the old desk clump .
no longer a pam-jim alliance against dwight .
now it is dwight and a friend axis against pam .
i chose my word very carefully .
come on , buddy .
let u do this .
sorry , rolf go first .
you do not compare .
when you are with the r-of-l-f , you are literally rolling on the laughing floor .
rolf is my best friend , and he is the man .
cool , calm , and collected 24/7 .
just try and rattle rolf .
such a sweet guy .
and this chair 's going to be yours .
so I have got your resume here , but it is not telling me everything .
well , I am the one offering the job .
I have worked here for 12 year .
i won salesman of the year .
I am an assistant to the regional manager .
wait , wait , wait , no , i mean , if you need to know more , you can call david wallace .
I am sure he would give a reference .
well , they can not all be winner .
but trevor 's next and he is a real professional .
you say , `` jump , '' and he say , `` oh who ? '' he love to jump on people , that trevor .
what make you think you would be an effective paper salesman ?
well , it is a pretty basic question for a potential paper salesman .
do you see yourself a more of a team player or a self-starter ?
there were only two option .
this is a bus transfer .
i can not hire clark .
yeah , he look like a schrute , but he think like a halpert and he act like a beesly .
okay , here is one .
a customer who ordered enough paper to qualify for a volume discount now want to return half the stock .
you can not rebate the sale price or credit for future purchase because you brokered the deal for a third party .
perfect answer , again .
think dwight , think .
you have a ream of 16-bond ... and anoth -- no .
it doe , but still no .
oh , you think they are my only friend ?
I have got way more friend than that , and they are all better than the loser who work here .
next up , my cousin mose .
mose could make a great paper salesman .
he is got a natural fear of paper , which would motivate him to get a much of it out of this office a possible .
I have got big expectation , mose-wise .
what quality would make you a good sale associate ?
it say here on your resume that you spent the last 15 year a a sale rep for dow chemical .
you know we live together , right ?
and I have never seen you go to work , ever .
so why is this on your resume ?
when i wa young , i spent several year at a private school where i wa told i would be taught to harness my mutant ability .
turned out it wa a conman copying charles xavier 's school for gifted youngster from the x-men comic book .
took me year to figure out that it wa a con .
some people never figured it out .
this is dwight schrute .
who am i speaking to ?
and do not lie .
i can tell if you are lying .
because i wa thinking that since jim is only here part time , he might not be a invested in the decision-making process a someone like me who is here every day .
and frankly , killing it lately .
sound fair to me , david .
why not do it now ?
I would love to be in the loop , david .
I would love to invest .
I would like to give you $ 100 million .
these people are the best of the best .
i find talent an attractive quality in a friend .
you know who else wa a freak ?
and he wa also a hero .
uh , wolf , please report to the parking lot for mandatory paintball at lunch .
he ha executed me over 100 time at point-blank range .
half of them , we were on the same team .
ah , that goof .
sell me this piece of paper .
i will pay you whatever it take .
no , you have lot of other piece of paper that are just like it .
so here , just take my money .
you are still at the 570 number ?
good , good , good .
this is not going to work out .
nate is a proven entity , but not without his handicap ; hearing , vision , basic cognition .
trevor is great , but i saw no fire in him today .
and this is a guy who love to start fire .
troy is literally one of a kind .
he is a goblin , or a hobbit , or a kobold , which is a type of gremlin .
and yet I am hesitant .
why can not i pull the trigger on any of them ?
no , no , no .
i just need to tell them .
i just need to tell them .
i do that myself now .
no , you have been towed by now .
they tow after about 45 minute .
or none of you i wish i could hire all of you .
jim , turn around .
jim , turn around .
jim , turn around .
and i wa thinking it is only fair that you help make this decision since they will be sitting at your desk next to your wife .
god , that suck !
what are you going to do ?
i mean , it is your call .
i guess i just have higher standard for my work colleague than for my friend .
i just could not picture any of them in the old gold and gray .
this is such bullcrap !
it is just a load of b.c .
how could you do this to them ?
okay , this is an outrage .
this is jim halpert 's home address , in case you guy want to toilet paper his house or whatever .
guy , it wa not up to me .
rolf , come on .
guy , it wa not my choice !
i would have hired all of you !
oh , that sound awesome .
can we wait till i get off work ?
they say that everyone outgrows their friend at some point in their life .
well i just outgrew them all in the span of three hour .
oh , hey , I will take a coffee .
absolutely , i do .
okay , yeah , i know what to do .
oh , that is great .
welcome to the club , pig !
you do not have the clearance to call a conference room meeting .
you are telling me , david wallace asked you to call a super secret , classified conference room meeting ?
let u go everyone .
super secret , classified conference room meeting , now !
pam , I will help you .
if there is anything i hate worse than art , it is crime .
you need my pitchfork ?
i have vengeance to exact .
ah , I am not interested .
if i get the deicing gig , it is not going to be on merit .
not because i played politics .
i am handing out piece of paper .
on which , you will draw one human butt .
what i do with said drawing , is no one 's business but my own .
it is my fetish .
oh , also , sign them .
my fetish is signed drawing of butt .
with the half are cut off .
and then , just the bottom part ... we just need a pretense to talk to him .
we could tell him that his mother is dying .
that usually work on him .
your mother is dying .
it is all right .
it is all right .
she need her rest again .
you know who the vandal is .
now , i know a lot of these warehouse guy are your friend , but we have got chewing gum .
there is no gum .
there never wa any gum .
oh , your little feeling party did not work out ?
who won the hugging contest ?
oh , let me guess .
everyone tied for first .
are you saying ... normally , i find pam to be a comforting , if unarousing , presence around the office .
like a well-watered fern .
but , today , she ha tapped into this vengeful , violent side .
and I am like , wow , pam ha kind of a good butt .
he messed with something that wa important to you .
we need to mess with something that is important to him .
a little eye for an eye action .
go all hammurabi on this clown .
i know just the man for the job .
he even look like a mole .
i never want to see you working in the upstairs office again .
do you hear me ?
you will now be working in the warehouse with the untouchable .
now , go make your hand rough with work .
go move some paper !
get the plate number .
so we know which truck to van ... yeah .
frank draw a butt on your mural , I am drawing your mural on frank 's truck 's butt .
eye for an eye , mamacita .
let u see yours .
and he is leaving a trail of poop ?
I am glad you feel better .
this ha been a wonderful day .
i have to say , i like hanging out with a vengeful bitch .
you are ruining the mood .
i just made another huge sale for the company that you manage .
i need you to authorize that expense report and sign off on that contract .
i would be happy to .
it would be my pleasure , mr. schrute .
rick-a-dick-doo , rick-a-dick-dick-dick , rick-a-dick-doo .
i really like andy these day .
he is pretend and he doe exactly a i tell him to .
all that will change when real andy come back tomorrow .
unless he come back a pretend dwight .
in which case , we are in for an epic , confusing showdown .
i have yet another sale order for you to sign .
why thank you mr. schrute .
i do not know how you do it .
you are a god .
and you are disgusting .
hey , burning man , if it is not selling out too much , you might want to throw on a tie .
david wallace is going to be here in an hour .
come on , clark .
wallace know that he is been gone for the last three month .
wallace doe know that you have been gone for the last three month ?
you were on a boat .
I am not going to say it .
what do you think you are doing ?
do not you dare !
please do not listen to this boob !
he gave you everything .
please ja , ja ... two second of the turd dog and he loses the biggest sale this branch ha ever seen .
i just do not know what we would do .
i mean , short of telling david wallace that he wa gone for three month .
I would like to rat out andy .
unfortunately , i have a bit of a boy-who-cried-wolf dynamic with david wallace .
except , instead of a boy , I am a man .
and instead of a wolf , i cried genetically-engineered monster wolf .
the state he is in , wallace will take one look at him and probably fire him anyway .
well , we had the scranton white page .
aEUR lit the whole thing on fire .
the whole thing is in ash .
fire department wa here .
it wa in all the paper .
no , do not just let her eat the grass , she will puke it right up .
ok , just put out two bowl and see which feed she prefers .
I am sorry to be taking up so much of your precious time , mose , but she is your aunt too .
I will see what i can do .
and you should take break more often , I have been waiting there for 45 minute .
it is my aunt shirley , she is on her last leg .
you have no idea .
i mean her hair , clothes , it is all falling off in great big clump .
and we need someone to go out there and clean her up .
we had a nurse , but she quit because she wa `` poisoned '' by aunt shirley .
probably nothing , or strychnine .
or lemonade and strychnine .
which is actually what it wa .
you owe me one , remember ?
now please , she is an old woman angela .
she need a woman 's touch .
it is all hanging out- and there is part of her i do not even recognize .
there is this one hanging part in particular , that is some sort of flap .
it is like a prehensile wing or something , you know ?
it is a divet ... .. where it wa and it need , it need a ... how dare you ?
aunt shirley , hello !
it is me dwight .
this is angela , and we brought you some new clothes !
ok you know what ?
before you put the new clothes on , angela 's going to get you cleaned up a little bit .
ok , aunt shirley , dear , uh , can i get you a nice crisp liter of schnapps ?
ok. yeah , trust me .
it keep her docile .
go to the kitchen , get the largest receptacle you can find .
in her prime , shirles could put away homemade schnapps morning noon and night .
now all it take is half a liter .
alright , let u get her out to the yard so you can spray her down .
no , it is a lot better than it sound .
there is a private shower area .
very tasteful , very rustic .
it is hosing time aunt shirley , have a seat .
you are going to have a hard time hearing her over the roar of the hose .
let u do it !
here is a box cutter to get her clothes off .
let u get to it .
give it a whirl .
i need you to hose my aunt .
ok you are useless .
give me the hose !
and you look like one too .
and i will carve the roast skunk .
would you like the stink sack ?
no , you do not eat it .
it is a toy , like a wish bone .
you know , prettiest girl get the stink sack .
ok. well , gosh .
thank you for your help today .
your perspective wa very useful .
my farm is only a few acre east of here .
or , we could use the slaughterhouse .
he probably will not even notice that you are gone .
be with me , monkey .
I am not talking about some frisky romp in the warehouse .
we have wasted too much of our life ignoring the fact that we belong together .
the eighty or ninety year that i have left in this life ... i want to spend with you .
stand by your man .
it is what i would want if you were mine .
i am dressed according to the schrute code of mourning .
my aunt shirley ha died .
i would say that she raised me , but let u not kid each other .
she wa , however , the closest thing i had to a mother .
my actual mother wa very cold and distant .
I would say she wa the closest thing i had to an aunt .
in keeping with schrute custom , i will either invite you to saturday 's funeral by sprinkling red , fertile dirt in your face .
or , i will ask you to keep a respectful distance during my time of grief , with a dusting of black , slightly acidic soil .
ok. that is not ... i really hope so .
i miss her so much .
get in the sidecar .
get in the sidecar .
get ... what are you doing here ?
jeb , my brother .
it is a cemetery .
well , the only thing we are planting here is dead body .
well , thank god they are not because we do not want to make zombie .
you had black hair and then gray hair .
so , what am i supposed to do ?
hello , little man .
have not seen you in a few year .
i see esther 's back in town .
nice of you to come today .
well , if you can snap two chicken neck with a single motion , why use two motion to slaughter those chicken .
ok. so , let u get it going .
we schrutes do not need some harvard doctor to tell u who is alive and who is dead .
but , there wa an unlucky streak of burying some heavy sleeper .
and , when grave robber discovered some scratch mark on the inside of some of the coffin , we decided to make sure that our dead were completely dead .
i can not stand the fact that jeb is a pot farmer .
he could have grown anything .
anything in the world .
he used to talk about growing a peanut-grape hybrid .
one plant , one sandwhich .
let u do this .
let u run aunt shirley 's farm .
of course you are .
let u take a couple of night and stay here and think about aunt shirley 's offer .
you will say 'yes ' on one .
five , four , three , two , get ready to say 'yes ' , one .
people underestimate the power of nostalgia .
if baseball can use it to get people to care about that worthless sport , then i can use it to get my sibling to care about the farm .
nostalgia is truly one of the great human weakness .
second only to the neck .
you really need to stand back because these are killer chicken .
and , you learned something .
but , it wa kind of a stupid question so you are going to get made fun of a little bit .
that would be cool , though .
it is for milking .
did you just ask me if this wa a cow ?
grab a teat with each hand .
squeeze from top to bottom .
draw the milk out .
well , is the udder hot ?
is the milk clumpy ?
ok , you suck at this .
give me those teat .
did not your father teach you anything ?
that kid doe not put in some farm time , he is going to stay like that .
ok , this is unacceptable .
it is officially a hostile work environment .
in the office right now a we speak .
ok , you are useless .
I will take care of this .
it is ok guy , she is no longer horny .
clark , i need your advice .
I am having some lady trouble .
life on the neighboring farm .
well , we have been out three time , there ha been physicality but the thing is we were hanging out with her father the other night looking at a farm catalog , next thing i know he want to lease a tractor with me .
what do you think ?
a long term tractor lease is going to put pressure on a relationship .
esther 's on her way up .
i wonder if she want a snack .
let u see , i know she like apple and carrot .
did i tell you about her teeth ?
ah , the ruger family .
esther , you look radiant a always .
mr. ruger , are you trying to take advantage of me because I am interested in your daughter ?
fifty fifty split or no deal .
ok ok ok , wait !
that is been- right , standard .
i am closing a deal on a tractor with the father of a woman i plan to inseminate .
do not you cap that pen .
do not cap that pen !
ok , you have got two minute and then the cap come off .
ha the warranty expired on the auger you have now ?
no woman would ever want a man who doe not know what an auger is .
i just need a moment to consider your offer .
maybe you are right .
esther 's a ten and the best I have ever done is angela who is a nine and she rejected me .
who need a new tractor anyway ?
maybe we are the kind of guy who end up with a tractor that is already been rode hard and put away muddy .
i do not know that there is anything left for u to talk about , esther .
that shady grove out by willard 's pond .
so , you are fine with me not leasing the tractor ?
i mean , our courtship can proceed ?
well , the alert wa already set to `` red '' because of stairmageddon .
you think i should set it to `` double red '' ?
what doe josh mcauliffe know about the paper business ?
he work for a news ... thing .
well , i did say it would be an inconvenience .
you should have called me from downstairs .
we could have met in the lobby .
it is time to go out on a sale !
the buyer is your sister 's friend .
this is the printing paper for the entire school district of lackawanna .
you are coming , and that is an order .
andy -- i need to talk to you .
stanley is refusing to go out on a sale call .
so what I am hearing you say is , `` make stanley go out on the sale call by whatever mean possible '' ?
for five year I have held my instinct in check because i wanted to be made manager .
maybe it is time for me to just let that thought go .
it is kind of painful , but it is also freeing in a way .
now it is all about my instinct .
stanley , one way or another , you are going to come with me to make this sale .
do not worry , it is just a bull tranquilizer .
nothing to be alarmed about .
it is just a man pointing a bull tranquilizer at a coworker .
it is all right .
okay , this dosage wa meant for a very small bull , and stanley 's got way more body fat than they do .
got about 45 minute to get him to the client before he come to .
one , two , three .
he is like a manatee .
let u go again .
we can do this .
one , two , three !
no wonder my elevator cable are under such strain .
okay , we are good .
i might see a movie .
let u take him -- let u go right to the top of the stair , okay ?
I am kind of embarrassed to admit this , but I have never actually done this before .
i mean , I have rehearsed it in my head like 1,000 time , but , uh ... i know .
okay , now here is the plan .
I am going to launch him .
i need you to go to the bottom and catch him .
you use your hand and just blunt his descent , okay ?
he is going to be moving slowly .
it is only -- it is 15 foot down , it is at a 45-degree angle .
get set in your haunch , it is like your catching a medicine -- okay .
he would have put a hole in your chest same a he put a hole in that wall .
we are running late .
let u get him inside .
are you kidding me ?
the bubble wrap is the only thing that is stopping his suit from getting wrinkled .
these meeting are all about presentation .
let u get him inside .
well , I will grab the foreleg , and you push his hindquarter .
fine , let u go .
hoist his shank on three .
it is by the tenderloin .
roll him , roll him , roll him .
okay , careful , he is slouching .
okay , can you -- sl-slouch him into the seat .
go around and get his seatbelt .
get in the back .
get in the back .
do you understand what we are about to do ?
oh , god , this is bad .
look like we have got no choice .
you , my friend , are going to have to be stanley hudson .
new plan , okay ?
we get him a cup of coffee and we go back to the old plan .
give me a hand .
come on , stanley !
okay , all right .
come on , big guy .
you can walk , right ?
what a pretty smile .
and for -- oh , whoopsie daisy .
he get carsick really easily .
it is a long drive .
he wa in the backseat .
but right now we are talking to mrs. davis about the full range of the product that we offer and our competitive rate , right , stanley ?
I have never seen such a beautiful child .
yeah , maybe I will never be manager , but i just managed to get our most stubborn salesman to close a sale with one of our biggest client , and i must say , it is the most pleasant I have ever seen stanley .
i think we should consider injecting him with bull tranquilizer on a daily basis .
you earned yourself a nice , fat commission and you did not even know it .
I will go tell andy the good news .
got to take the stair .
well -- no , no -- n -- we need a winch and a hoist .
yesterday wa the first round of a branch wide paper airplane contest .
it wa being sponsored by weyer-hammer paper in an effort to get u to sell more of their new product airstream deluxe a4 , the cadillac of paper .
it is not so easy on the environment , if you know what i mean .
practically made of plastic .
i offered myself to angela and she turned me down .
if she change her mind , the next move is hers .
I am with esther now .
she is younger than angela , sturdier , more comfortable with the scent of a manured field .
let u be honest .
when it came to manured field , angela wa at best indifferent .
hey , that is a really nice plane .
you make that yourself ?
well , what am i thinking ?
of course you made that yourself .
because it is in the rule that you have to fold your own plane .
i call for a refold !
it is a piece of paper .
you fold it into an airplane .
what are you- you are here early .
i like a little feather in my nugget .
she wa recently in a situation where she could have had it all , and instead she lost everything .
but not in a stand up and cheer kind of way , like the song .
it slipped out of my hand , what a whiff .
ah , how did that happen ?
may i have your attention ?
there are four new deadly weapon in this office .
basher , thrasher , crasher and -- smasher ?
no , where did you get that ?
this morning after hour of combat with some of the city 's best teenager i earned my black belt in goju ryu martial art .
i had to find a new dojo after sensei ira and i parted way .
my new sensei , sensei billy , thought i had more than enough training to take the test .
turn out , sensei ira wa a bit of a shyster .
sensei billy say most student do not spend $ 150,000 over 20 year to get their black belt .
i would like to invite you all to my black belt ceremony , right here in the office at lunch , lunch not provided .
that is how it is done .
he will now perform the ceremonial changing of the belt !
take my belt , master .
i now submit to you every part of myself .
just slip it off my -- slip it off my hip .
he will now perform the ceremonial cutting-off-of-the-belt .
we did it , we did it .
i will now perform my final kata form .
you are going to watch me right ?
sensei , you are not watching .
watch this part , okay ?
you did not just say that !
you do not know pam .
she is really cool .
yeah , i did .
but i made too many mistake .
it is out of my reach now .
besides , i think jim would be a fine manager .
I would be happy to see jim a manager .
you want to get rid of a headache , you sit on something sharp .
any sensei will tell you that .
so i saw you talking to wallace earlier .
is he going to offer you the manager 's job ?
I am afraid that ship ha sailed .
big day for you .
you are finally going to get to go out and flap your wing .
oh , i doubt you will make it .
very few do who have tried to be a star .
but , listen , you have saved up enough money to take a couple of year off to pursue your dream and have some fun , right ?
andy , i have nothing to gain from getting you to stay , and everything to gain from you leaving .
but please , i have known you for year , i have seen you perform .
dear god , do not quit your day job .
I have just waited for this moment my entire life .
i mean , i wa interim manager once , but then i shot that gun .
but this is not interim manager .
it is dwight k. schrute ... manager .
in case michael or andy ever got killed in a traffic accident and there wa a trade show on the same day .
you will not regret this decision , david .
i will never , ever let you down .
can i just do one thing while you are making this announcement and then I will never , ever do it again ?
it is just one thing .
just let me -- let me do this -- just wait and send it to voicemail .
dwight schrute is manager !
thank you , jim .
get out of jim 's seat .
you are an annex kid .
you might be bullpen , we will see .
give it a couple of year .
so ... i wanted to offer you a new position .
way to negotiate , idiot .
so , all the number adding up ?
yes , it is .
yesterday i wa just your average , ordinary paper salesman with a farm and a bunch of pipe dream about beet fuel .
today , i leave here a regional manager with a black belt .
it really is amazing how your life can change in one day .
last week i finally became permanent manager of dunder mifflin scranton .
my first project : increase security .
i got these door from a jewelry store that had recently gone out of business .
now they are protecting america 's real treasure , paper .
every morning i email the day 's security code .
something that is been really missing from my life ha been writing secret code .
it is not the kgb , but it is a start .
but the coffee in peru is far hotter .
this is tuesday , right ?
the coffee in paraguay is far hotter ?
the coffee in paraguay is colder ?
ah , much , ok. no , no .
give me the steam .
it is just harmless steam to panic intruder .
I would like to get harmful steam , but the price are absurd .
oh , do not worry .
they will get got .
manager of dunder mifflin ?
owner of a 1600-acre beet farm ?
engaged to be married to an actual milkmaid ?
check ... on that later today .
this is my grandmother 's ring .
it wa made from a bullet i took out of her left buttock .
she wa a moonshiner shot by adolph coors .
this is my grandmother 's buttock bullet ring .
you know what to do .
ok behind every great regional manager is a great assistant to the regional manager , and i have chosen one of the best .
once upon a time we were natural enemy , but we have overcome our difference .
much like germany and italy in world war -- good call .
together we run a no-nonsense office .
please take an agenda item .
have a seat , phyllis .
a you know , i like to begin each day with an inspirational quote .
`` some say the only failure there is is the failure to try . '' that is wrong .
failure of any kind is failure .
jim , over to you .
what is going on ?
ok. um , new agenda item .
phillip will be joining u in the office today .
I am letting you all off half an hour early to view the documentary .
so you can make it up to me by working an extra half an hour tomorrow , or a minute extra for the rest of the month .
which is , of course ... yes , good abbreviating , jim .
that saved some time .
now , hurry up , shut the door .
break it down for me .
a loyal , but bungling apostle .
someone to whisper in the ear of the consigliore .
I would have to get some more wire and string , but it is doable .
do you think any of them out there are capable ?
i like the sound of that .
who do you have in mind ?
that doe not sound crazy , jim .
that is the sanest thing I have ever heard .
that mean ye , plop !
we owe andy that much .
am i right people ?
you will always have the upper hand , when you have got a good a-arm .
wow , the honor .
god , i envy them .
you do not need to repeat right now , when I am saying it .
not even close , meredith .
wait , no , no , no , stop .
spouse can read each other 's mind .
you are trying to give your wife this job .
no , no , no , no !
you do not read it aloud like that !
besides , the whole thing is a trick question .
there is no turkish ambassador to armenia .
the two country do not have diplomatic relation .
a thousand time more .
no , no , no !
oh , god , this is pathetic !
the bos need his coffee !
here you are , sir !
here is your coffee !
ah , my skin , ow , ow !
jim , this is going to come a no surprise but i know exactly what you are going to say .
the only possible assistant to my assistant- me .
okay , from now on , anyone who need to speak to me ha got to go through me first , all right ?
that is the most flavorful bond .
oink the pig , that is very important .
the way that boy look at the galactica is precisely the way i look at the galactica .
and he eats the same kind of paper i do .
thank you , esther .
i need you to perform a test .
on an innocent baby .
hey , he can handle it .
hey , you want me to take the little diaper blaster ?
pam can attest , there is no one better at getting brat to shut their yap .
you ever been in a manager 's office before ?
phillip , you want to play a little game ?
it is called `` schrute or consequence . '' you are going to choose one of these two thing .
a check for a million dollar , or this dirty old beet .
which will it be ?
money or the beet ?
any ordinary child would have taken the money , but you are no ordinary child are you ?
i can tell by your gorgeous , widely-set eye .
that is because this baby is of superior intelligence .
he can tell when he is being tricked out of the experience of a real human breast .
it is about phillip .
i believe that boy may be a schrute .
and if he is , that child need to be accorded what is his .
an enormous farm , an inheritance , and the right to be raised under rigorous schrute tradition .
you will , of course , be compensated with a marriage proposal .
then the two of you would move to my 1,600-acre estate , which , let u face it , is a big step up from living in a gay man 's closet .
i need my assistant to the regional manager .
I am not kidding .
i wa thinking of proposing to esther today .
she is got a ton of great quality .
she is young , she is beautiful , gene so pure you could lick them .
her family admires me , my family tolerates hers .
a lot of them are the same people because we are third cousin , which is great for bloodline and is not technically incest .
plus her dowry contains a walk-in freezer full of frozen , premium cattle sperm .
and did i mention that she weave ?
colorful , durable blanket and rug !
it all add up .
some sort of virus ?
you are a good assistant , jim .
that is very true .
get the hell outta here .
move to the side of the road !
shut up , woman !
and i do not care that phillip 's not my son .
i will raise 100 child with 100 of your lover if it mean that i can be with you !
this express how loudly i love you .
this is a ring , taken from the buttock of my grandmother , put there by the gangster patriarch of the coors dynasty , melted in a foundry run by mennonite .
why would you say that -- get out !
I am a dad !
the documentary series finished airing age ago .
why is pb sending another crew ?
pff , nobody buy dvd anymore .
the propaganda wing of bill and melinda gate and viewer like you .
in the past year , i have consolidated the entire scranton paper market .
we regained the white page , the school district , lackawanna county .
we supply them all .
I am getting married tomorrow afternoon , and in the morning , there is a mini-reunion .
a kind of a `` where are they now '' panel at a local theatre .
it will be nice to see everyone again .
i have not seen kevin since we let him go .
today mark several important milestone .
stanley , a you know , is retiring .
and our next and most thickly frosted cake is ... for ... kevin .
go ahead and just read the frosting .
it is a colloquial way of saying `` you are fired , '' kevin , which you are .
the cake ha spoken pam .
well if anyone here can make a case for kevin staying .
based ... on his merit .
here is your cake .
bye , bye toby .
have a good morning .
what wa that for ?
it just feel so empty with so many of the old gang gone .
oh , and the old man to feed u the cheese that he is been fermenting since the day of my birth .
you keep forgetting about him .
i brought in some new face , and one old .
i always like devon .
i hired him back after creed faked his own death in the baler the day after the doc aired .
the only person he fooled wa kevin .
then the police showed up .
turn out , creed wa in the band `` the grass root '' in the 1960 's .
during that time , the police say he sold drug and trafficked in endangered specie meat and stole weapons-grade lsd from the military .
oh hey , jim .
i forgot to mention .
oftentimes , in hollywood portrayal of bachelor party , there are accidental murder .
that will not be necessary tonight .
ever since angela moved in and mose had to stop sleeping at the foot of my bed , he is been acting pretty weird about this whole wedding thing .
i thought you guy could not come .
uh , better ask jim .
wait , why are we stopping ?
jim , this is not on the itinerary .
jim ... wha ... come on !
what ... what are you going to whack me , jim ?
get out of my way .
man , how long have we been sitting here ?
oh , thank god .
no , we have not ordered anything .
no one 's even taken our drink .
uh , what is the chef special ?
oh , we do .
so we will have an onion loaf for the table , please .
and tell u about your heartiest soup .
yes , an onion loaf for the table but that is not all .
now the chef special sounded good .
what is it exactly ?
okay , what are you doing ?
are you giving me a taste of the chef 's special ?
that will not work .
that is no good .
now , for the last time , I would like a side salad with balsamic .
you are telling me !
we have not even gotten bread yet .
doe anyone want to split a twice baked potato ?
do you have those ?
those are not deep fried , right ?
oh , man , never thought I would say this but i think i ate too much bone marrow .
he is getting into the spirit of the festivity .
he just pulled off a braut entfuhrung .
a ceremonial bridal kidnapping .
he will take the bride and hide her at a local pub and when i find the place , i have to buy everyone drink .
ah , all right !
which one is that ?
yes , it is !
i am here for my bride !
i heard you bought a bar , kevin .
why did you pick this place ?
you did this a a prank .
my own bestich mensch .
waste of a good hatchet .
i heard you say `` well '' the first time .
it wa nothing personal .
it is just that you were terrible at your job .
you were terrible at math and organization , time management , personal hygiene .
your internet search were so filthy we had to throw our your computer .
i missed you kevin .
you have had your drink .
now where is my bride ?
what .. ooh , mose .
we can not see each other on our wedding day .
and her leg are still numb from being in the trunk .
with today 's modern surveillance technology we are in a constant state of being watched weather it is our government or the government of other country a.k.a .
you guy are being filmed way more than we ever were .
i wa born ready .
oh , come on .
I have never heard of such a thing .
not ... significant is a big word ... i think you are only a teeny ... jim .
i can not believe you came .
thank you so much for coming .
now , please take your hay bale to the reception .
they will be used for seating .
complimentary hay hook are placed alone the aisle .
just stab them on in there .
aww , j , p and d. the three amigo .
ah , it warms my heart .
hey , what do you say , when i get back from out honeymoon , the three of u have a conference room meeting just for fun ?
what is that meaningful look ?
no , do not say it .
you are both fired !
do not be an idiot .
it is for the severance .
the best i can do one month for every year you have been here .
that is the max .
for what , the art ?
but if you are ever in the area , you will always have a place to stay ... in my barn .
do i get along with my co-worker ?
well , first of all , i do not have co-worker anymore , i have subordinate .
so ... have i gotten along with my subordinate ?
my supplier relation rep , meredith palmer , is the only person i know who know how to properly head bang to motorhead .
oscar martinez , my accountant , is now godfather to my son .
angela schrute , my former accountant is now my wife .
my top salesman , jim halpert wa best man at my wedding and office administrator pamela beesley halpert is my best friend .
I would say i have gotten along with my subordinate .
