your quarterly look very good .
how are thing at the library ?
so you have come to the master for guidance ?
is this what you are saying , grasshopper ?
well , let me show you how it is done .
yes , I would like to speak to your office manager , please .
this is michael scott .
i am the regional manager of dunder mifflin paper product .
just wanted to talk to you manager-a-manger .
thank you very much , sir .
you are a gentleman and a scholar .
oh , I am sorry .
ok . I am sorry .
that wa a woman i wa talking to , so ... she had a very low voice .
probably a smoker , so ... so that is the way it is done .
I have , uh , I have been at dunder mifflin for 12 year , the last four a regional manager .
if you want to come through here ... see we have the entire floor .
so this is my kingdom , a far a the eye can see .
this is our receptionist , pam .
pam ha been with u for ... forever .
if you think she is cute now , you should have seen her a couple of year ago .
pam , this is from corporate .
how many time have i told you ?
there is a special filing cabinet for thing from corporate .
it is called the wastepaper basket !
look at that face .
people say i am the best bos .
they go , `` god we have never worked in a place like this before .
you are hilarious . '' `` and you get the best out of u . '' i think that pretty much sum it up .
i found it at spencer gift .
corporate really doe not really interfere with me at all .
i call her hillary rodham clinton .
not to her face , because ... well , not because I am scared of her .
because I am not .
but , um ... yeah .
um ... me no get an agenda .
i did not get any agenda .
i did not ... did we get a fax this morning ?
why is not it in my hand ?
a company run on efficiency of communication , right ?
so what is the problem , pam ?
why did not i get it ?
yeah , that wa a joke .
that wa a joke that wa actually my brother 's , and ... it wa supposed to be with bill and it doe not work great with fax .
ok ... no , no , no , no , this is good .
all the alarm bell are kind of going ... ringie-dingie-ding !
me no want to hear that , january because downsizing is a bitch .
it is a real bitch .
and i would not wish that on josh 's men .
i certainly would not wish it on my men .
or woman , present company excluded .
uh , is josh concerned about downsizing himself ?
not downsizing himself but is he concerned about downsizing ?
how long do we have to ... oh uh , todd packer , terrific rep. do you mind if i take it ?
oh , that is not appropriate .
uh , i do not know what you mean .
oh , my god !
that is ... horrifying .
under this regime , it will not leave this office .
am i going to tell them ?
no , i am not going to tell them .
i do not see the point of that .
a a doctor , you would not tell a patient if they had cancer .
howard , like moe howard .
ah , right here .
it is a guy thing , pam .
I am sort of a student of comedy .
everything 's under control .
oh this is so important , i should run to answer it .
actually , that would be a good salary for me , do not you think ?
memo to january i deserve a raise .
if you are unhappy with your compensation , maybe you should take it up with hr .
ok. not today , ok ?
pam , just be professional .
i think I am a role model here .
i think i garner people 's respect .
attention all dunder mifflin employee , please .
we have a meeting in the conference room , a soon a possible .
people i respect , hero of mine , would be bob hope ... abraham lincoln , definitely .
and probably god would be the fourth one .
and i just think all those people really helped the world in so many way that it is really beyond word .
it is really incalculable .
now i know there is some rumor out there and i just kind of want to set the record straight .
assistant to the regional manager .
I am about to tell everybody .
I am just about to tell everybody .
you do not know what it is .
i do not need your permission .
corporate ha deemed it appropriate to enforce an ultimatum upon me .
and jan is thinking about downsizing either the stamford branch or this branch .
not going to happen .
it will not be out of my hand stanley , ok. i promise you that .
well , yeah , it is a promise .
and frankly , I am a little insulted that you have to keep asking about it .
hold on a second .
i think pam wanted to say something .
pam , you had a look that you wanted to ask a question just then .
well , pam maybe you should stick to the ongoing confidentiality agreement of meeting .
no , you did not see me in there with her .
i said if corporate want to come in here and interfere , then they are going to have to go through me .
you can go mess with josh 's people , but I am the head of this family , and you are not going to be messing with my chillin .
watch out for this guy .
dwight schrute in the building .
this is ryan , the new temp .
assistant to the regional manager .
so , uh , dwight tell him about the kung fu and the car and everything .
that is his profit .
ok. hold on , hold on .
the judge is in session .
what is the problem here ?
no , no , no .
do not take it out .
you have to eat it out of there , because there are starving people in the world which i hate , and it is a waste of that kind of food .
all right , here is the deal you guy .
the thing about a practical joke is you have to know when to start and a well a when to stop .
and yeah , jim this is the time to stop putting dwight 's personal effect into jell-of .
that is the way it is around here .
it just kind of go round and round .
pudding ... I am trying to think of another dessert to do .
so have you felt the vibe yet ?
we work hard , we play hard .
sometimes we play hard when we should be working hard .
i guess the atmosphere that I have created here is that I am a friend first , and a bos second ... and probably an entertainer third .
oh , hey do you like the jamie kennedy experiment ?
punk 'd and all that kind of stuff ?
you are going to be my accomplice .
just go along with it , ok ?
just follow my lead .
do not pimp me , all right ?
so , uh , corporate just said that i do not want to ... oh , thank you .
pam , can you come in here for a sec .
just have a seat .
i wa going to call you in anyway .
a you know , there is going to be downsizing .
and you have made my life so much easier in that i am going to have to let you go first .
well , theft and stealing .
50 cent , yeah .
if you steal a thousand post-it note at 50 cent apiece , and you know , you have made a profit ... margin .
you are going to run u out of business , pam .
but the best thing about it is that we are not going to have to give you any severance pay .
because that is gross misconduct and ... just clean out your desk .
you been x 'd punk !
it is a joke .
we were joking around .
ok. he wa in on it .
he wa my accomplice .
and it wa kind of a morale booster thing .
and we were showing the new guy around , giving him the feel of the place .
so you ... god , we totally got you .
i do not know about that .
what is the most important thing for a company ?
is it the cash flow ?
is it the inventory ?
it is the people .
my proudest moment here wa not when i increased profit by 17 % or when i cut expense without losing a single employee .
no , no , no , no , no .
it wa a young guatemalan guy .
first job in the country , barely spoke english .
he came to me , and said , `` mr .
scott , would you be the godfather of my child ? '' wow .
did not work out in the end .
we had to let him go .
yeah , at one time or another every guy in the office ha sprayed on pam .
< /p > curly ?
well , comedy 's kind of my thing .
watch this , here is curly joe .
me , me , me , me , me , me .
me , me , me , me , me , me .
oh , i forgot .
me , me , me , me , me , me .
< /p > oh , john belushi .
what a crazy guy .
phew , freaked myself out this morning .
i thought i found a lump .
i checked the , uh ... i check the jewel every month .
this time ... you know , it is a little different .
but freaky , man , you know .
testicular cancer , god .
cancer , whoa testicle .
so ... what is , um ... what you eating ?
oh , place around the corner .
< /p > hey , uh , can i help you out in here ?
I would go with the row .
that is a good idea .
today is diversity day and someone is going to come in and talk to u about diversity .
it is something that I have been pushing , that I have been wanting to push , for a long time and corporate mandated it .
and i never actually talked to corporate about it .
they kind of beat me to the punch , the bastard .
but i wa going to .
and i think it is very important that we have this .
I am very , very excited .
how are you doing , man ?
did you have a good weekend going there ?
oh yeah , i bet it wa fun .
this is oscar -- right .
i do not even know , first-name basis !
oh hey , well , diversity , everybody , let u do it .
oscar work in ... here .
jim , could you wrap it up , please ?
it is diversity day , jim .
i wish every day wa diversity day .
come on people , let u get them in .
get in the card !
get in the card !
this is a color-free-zone here .
stanley , i do not look at you a another race .
exactly , were not ... with tolerance .
let u celebrate diversity .
here is what we are going to do .
why do not we go around and everybody ... everybody say a race that you are attracted to sexually .
i will go last .
ok. hey , hey why do not you run it by me and I will run it by him .
ok. why do not we just defer to mr ... ah .
i will not call you that .
how come chris rock can do a routine and everybody find it hilarious and ground-breaking and then i go and do the exact same routine , same comedic timing , and people file a complaint to corporate ?
is it because I am white and chris is black ?
i will play the chris rock guy .
i would like to see someone else pull this off .
ok , i will play guy listening .
ok. kevin is a great guy .
he is a great accountant .
he is not much of an entertainer .
ok . I am sorry .
he is ruin ... he is butchering it .
could you just let me ... every time ... every time black people want to have a good time , some ignant as ... i take care of my kid !
they always want credit for something they supposed to do !
what you want a cookie ?
i do not think i can sign this .
well , ok , it say here that i learned something and i knew all this stuff already , so ... i know , i could sign something that say that i taught something , or that i helped you teach something , so ... pam !
pam , could we change something on this ?
here is the thing .
this office , i think this is very advanced in term of ... racial awareness and it is probably more advanced than you are used to .
that is probably throwing you off a little bit .
ok , well i know .
you told me that several time .
ok. well , here i am thinking that you actually cared about diversity training .
and you do not .
`` i regret my action .
i regret offending my coworkers .
i pledge to bring my best spirit of honesty , empathy , respect and open-mindedness ... '' open-mindedness , is that even a word ?
`` ... into the workplace .
in this way , i can truly be a hero .
signed , daffy duck . '' he is going to lose it when he read that .
`` i pledge to always keep an open mind and an open heart . '' i do believe ... in that part of the pledge i that just read .
i mean who are we , the girl scout ?
look ... the guy , `` mr .
brown , '' he got u halfway there .
he got u talking .
i got u talking .
he got u nothing .
he insulted u and he abandoned u .
you call that diversity training ?
were there any connection between any of u ?
did anyone look each other in the eye ?
wa there any emotion going on ?
where wa the heart ?
i did not see any heart .
where wa my oprah moment ?
ok , get a much done a you can before lunch because , afterward , I am going to have you all in tear .
let u do some good .
no , this is not a joke .
that wa offensive and lame .
this is an environment of welcoming and you should just get the hell out of here .
ok , let u go .
let u do it .
let u have some fun , everybody .
and um ... thanks for coming in .
um ... diversity ... is the cornerstone of progress a I have always said .
but do not take my word for it .
let u take a look at the tape .
I am michael scott .
I am in charge of dunder mifflin paper product here in scranton , pennsylvania but I am also the founder of diversity tomorrow , because today is almost over .
abraham lincoln once said that , `` if you are a racist , i will attack you with the north . '' and those are the principle that i carry with me in the workplace .
i only had an hour to put it together but I am going to add on to it later on .
that probably had something to do with the camera work .
um ... yeah , well , if you leave we will only have two left .
ok , well since i am leading this , let u get down to business and why do not i just kind of introduce myself , ok ?
i am michael and i am part english , irish , german and scottish .
sort of a virtual united nation .
but what some of you might not know is that i am also part native american indian .
well , you know what , it is kind of hard for me to talk about it .
let u get this popping .
let u go here .
oscar , right here .
oh , yeah ... wow .
that is ... that is a great story .
that is the american dream right there , right ?
um , let me ask you , is there a term besides mexican that you prefer ?
well , it ha certain connotation .
like ... i do not ... i do not know .
now , remember that honesty ... ... empathy , respect ... jim !
i have something here .
i want you to take a card .
put it on your fore ... do not look at the card .
i want you to take the card and put it on your forehead and ... take a card , take a card , any card .
um ... and i want you to treat other people like the race that is on their forehead .
so everybody ha a different race .
nobody know what their race is , so ... i want you to really go for it , because this is real .
you know , this is not just an exercise .
this is real life .
and ... i have a dream that you will really let the spark fly .
because martin luther king is a hero of mine .
there is this great chris rock bit about how street named after martin luther king tend to be more violent .
I am not going to do it but it is ... oh this is a good one .
bom bom bom-bom bom .
come on olympics of suffering right here .
slavery versus the holocaust .
no , that wa inadvertent .
we did not actually plan that .
pam , come on .
`` i like your food . '' come on stir the pot .
stir the melting pot , pam !
let u do it .
let u get ugly .
let u get real .
you will notice i did not have anybody be an arab .
i thought that would be too explosive .
but i just though .
`` too soon for arab . '' maybe next year .
um ... you know , the ball 's in their court .
you just need to push it .
you need to go a little bit further .
ok. kelly , how are you ?
welcome to my convenience store .
would you like some googi googi ?
i have some very delicious googi , googi , only 99 cent plus tax .
try my googi , googi .
try my googi , googi .
try my googi , googi .
try my ... all right !
that wa great , she get it !
now she know what it is like to be a minority .
i just hated it when that guy wa in here .
mr. brown , if that wa his real name .
i mean , he had never met any of u before , and here he wa telling u how to do our thing .
i just wanted ... i just wanted to do it our way .
man i should have gotten some food .
you can take that off that thing , ok ?
that would really , really have shown him up , would not it ?
if I would brought in some burrito or some colored green .
or some pad thai .
i love pad thai .
that doe not really make sense .
because you do not call them collared people , that is offensive .
hmmm ... ok , well , it is after five .
so ... thank you very much .
oh , my man .
i would like to see u erase 100 year of racism in an hour .
no , the country .
yeah , more like a 1,000. i just think that hero ?
it is cute , but it is ... it is empty , you know ?
dwight , you know what , i came up with some term of my own .
could you put these on the board ?
the first one is inclusion , new attitude , color-blind ... expectation ....
sharing ... and tolerance .
well , it is not ideal but you have to give me some credit because i made it into a word .
i will give you a number of reason why it is , actually .
okay , first , incest is bad .
no brainer , right ?
we are all a family , right ?
we are all brother and sister .
number three , and this is a fact .
the state where they have a lot of racism are the state where they have a lot of incest .
and finally ... no , no , no , no , wait .
final one , final one this is important .
the more we can encourage interracial dating a a society the further away we get from incest , literally .
I am sorry , I am sorry this guy 's a temp and i should have told you that .
yeah , but no , seriously .
uh , you know , he is not a member of the full staff so , uh , ryan you want to just step outside ?
well , maybe you should go down to the parking lot .
yes , go down to the parking lot and check to se if any of our guest have parked in the handicapped spot .
because the handicap get a raw deal .
oh , you know what .
that tie right into new attitude .
new attitude about handicap people .
should i ... turn , no .
I am michael scott .
I am in charge of dunder mifflin paper product here in scranton , pennsylvania but I am also the founder of diversity tomorrow , because today is almost over .
abraham lincoln once said that , `` if you are a racist , i will attack you with the north . '' and those are the principle ... damn it .
do not laugh ; please do not laugh this time dwight .
you are ... it is , it is bugging me .
let me give myself a countdown , ready ?
three , two , one .
just let me do it !
three , two , one .
I am michael scott .
I am in charge of dunder mifflin paper product here in scranton ... keep the camera steady please !
people are going to get sea sick watching this .
three , two , one .
please do not say anything .
could i count myself down please , dwight .
three , two , one .
I am michael scott .
I am in charge of dunder mifflin paper product here in scranton , pennsylvania but I am also the founder of diversity tomorrow , because today is almost over .
abraham lincoln once said that , `` if you are a racist , i will attack you with the north . '' and those are the principle that i carry with me in the workplace .
talk like you are talking to that race .
i have a feeling that this could get kind of volatile .
so keep it going .
here we go , breakthrough radar .
okay , all right .
let u keep on track .
let u do it .
try my googi , googi .
try my googi , googi .
try my googi , googi .
try my ... all right !
that wa great , she get it !
she is not here , but she get it .
that is what we have been looking for .
this is what i thrive on .
it is like don rickles on acid , man .
we got it happening now .
let u keep it rolling .
let u round it up .
lot to do , lot to do .
lay them on me .
that is not what you said earlier .
the most sacred thing i do is care and provide for my worker , my family .
i give them money .
i give them food .
not directly , but through the money .
today , i am in charge of picking a great new health care plan .
that is what this is all about .
doe that make me their doctor ?
um ... yes , in a way .
yeah , like a specialist .
i am going to go with the best , january i am going to go with the one with the acupuncture , therapeutic massage , you know , the work .
i think it wa you who did not look closely enough at the gold plan .
well , I would recommend it .
it is very good .
you got to crack these thing open .
well , that is kind of a tough assignment .
um ... it will not be popular decision around the old orifice .
well , it is a suicide mission , you know .
there , there ... when have you ever done that ?
there is a decision that need to be made , and I am having an unbelievably a busy day .
so I am going to let you pick a health care plan for our office and then explain it to your co-worker .
you are picking a health care plan .
you can use the conference room a a temporary workspace .
nope , you can not use it .
you can use it .
if dwight fails , then that is strike two , and good for me for , ah , for giving him a second chance .
and if he succeeds , then , you know , no one will be prouder than i am .
i made him what he is today .
unless he fails , and we have talked about that already .
pam , michael scott .
oh , i am in my office .
i have work up to my ear I am busy , busy , busy .
can not step away .
i just wanted to check in and see how everybody 's doing .
everybody cool out there ?
whoa , whoa , I am sorry , I am sorry , i , i , i , i got to go .
I am getting a call .
i have to make a call after i finish ... my work .
uh , just do not let anybody in my office under any condition today .
I am just too busy .
too swamped , you know ?
i am incommunicado , capisce ?
thank you , oh , gah , here we go again .
got to go , i have to take this .
ah , uh , i would love to , but i am really busy .
is it a good plan ?
wow , dwight , did you make cut ?
no , no , no , you know what ?
i said nothing specific because i wa so busy .
why do not you go in there and find these people a plan that will work for them ?
do we feel good ?
plus , there is some other good news .
today , at the end of the day , i will have , for all of you , a big surprise .
so hang in there , and i will see you at the end of the day .
do i know what the surprise is ?
it doe not matter .
the point is , they are not unhappy anymore .
they are out there thinking , `` wow , my bos really care about me .
he ha a surprise .
i ... what a great guy .
i ... < i > love < /i > him .
we are going on a little mission .
um , headed out .
part of my busy day , you know .
could not find the knob .
so , basically , i want to do something nice for my employee .
atlantic city , ok ?
they have this thing where they send a bus , right , for free .
pick everybody up , you head down there , get to the hotel , room is comped , they give you a pile of chip , and your food , everything just kind of all-inclusive , free kind of weekend .
yeah , yeah , yeah .
i did , so ... calling you to ask you a little favoroonie my friend .
um , trying to give the troop around here a little bit of a boost .
and i wa thinking that maybe we could take them down to take a spin on your big ride .
it say here that it is a 300ft drop .
so it is not a free fall ?
uh , all right .
well , once you get down into the mine , what ... you got laser tag or something ?
ok , so i do not know what the surprise is .
see , i thrive on this .
this is my world .
this is whose line is it anyway ?
hey , hey , everybody , ice-cream sandwich !
take one , take one .
it is all good .
phyllis , think fast .
oh , oh , i see angela .
oh , hey temp .
why do not you take two ?
because you do not get health care .
and uh , faster metabolism .
why do not you just eat it , ok ?
and here you go , stanley the manly .
this is not the surprise .
it is surprising , um ... because you did not expect it .
but you will ... you will know it when you see it .
you could be referring to anything .
did you raise benefit ?
aaah ... thanks , dwight , for a crappy plan .
oh , mmm , i wish i had time to change it , but jan need it by five , and ... what time is it , what time is it ?
ah , it is after five .
oh , oh it is awful .
so , well , ok. see you guy on monday .
thank you angela , for reminding me .
um , before i tell everybody what the big surprise is , would you like to tell me what you think the big surprise is ?
all right , i have some news for you .
there is a big surprise .
and ... here it is .
and the big surprise is ... brrrrrrrr !
drum roll ... brrrrrrrr !
when i am backed into a corner , that is when i come alive .
see i learned improve from the great , like , um , drew carey and ryan stile .
god , yeah ... ah !
this ... robin williams .
oh , man , would i love to go head-to-head with him .
that would be exciting .
I am mork from ork . '' well , I am bork from spork .
sorry , too busy can not even come to the door .
yeah , no ... you know what .
i , um , I am out the door .
I am going to a meeting .
pam , I am headed out to another meeting .
so see you later .
uh , here we go .
hey , hey craigers , my man !
it is michael scott here .
dunder mifflin , we supply your office paper .
no , no , no , no .
no , actually to ask you a little favoroonie my friend .
um , here is the deal .
um , trying to give the troop here a little bit of a boost .
and i wa thinking that maybe we could bring them down to go on your big ride .
well , it say here that it is a 300ft drop .
so it is not a free fall ?
so um , once you get down into the mine , what do you do ?
is it like , uh ... do you have laser tag down there or something ?
uh , he is a small client .
they do not really buy much .
we are all going bowling !
dwight , come on ... there is no downsizing .
assistant to the regional manager dwight .
look , look , look .
i talked to corporate , about protecting the sale staff .
and they said they could not guarantee it if there is downsizing , okay ?
but there is no downsizing , so just do not ... mmm , mm , mm .
it look like there is going to be downsizing .
and it is part of my job , but ... blah !
i think the main difference between me and donald trump is that , uh , i get no pleasure out of saying the word , `` you are fired . '' `` you are foir-ed .
uh , you are foir-ed . '' it just make people sad , and an office can not function that way .
`` you are foir-ed . '' i think if i had a catchphrase it would be , `` you are hired , and you can work here a long a you want . '' but that is unrealistic , so ... get set for operation morale improvement starring michael scott .
now , i think i have had a little stroke of genius in that i have had my assistant pam ... smile , pam .
i have had her go out and find out whose birthday is coming up , so we can have a little celebration for it .
not bad , not bad at all .
and the birthday person is ... drum roll please .
here we go , who is the birthday , birthday person ?
who is the birthday ?
next person on the ... ... calendar .
all right , come on down meredith !
um ... uh , ok. well , great , well , you know , it will be a surprise .
yeah , why not ?
go ahead , live a little .
come on , pam .
come on , shake it up .
uh , spock , are there any sign of life down there ?
well , let me check captain .
no sign of life down here .
just a wet blanket named pam .
these are my party-planning beeyatches .
pulled off an amazing '80s party last year .
so i wa thinking , if you have not already got a cake , um , maybe going for one of those ice-cream cake from baskin-robbins .
those are very good .
she is not the only one that is going to be eating it , right ?
i think everybody like ice-cream cake .
it is not , uh , it is not just about her , so ... mint chocolate chip !
that would be good , how about some , mint chocolate chip ?
can you get her ?
she is right there .
that is meredith , the birthday girl .
and this ... is meredith 's card .
um , let u see .
jim , jim wrote , `` meredith , i heard you are turning 46 , but , come on , you are an accountant .
just fudge the number . '' not bad , pretty funny , i do not appreciate condoning corporate fraud though .
uh , here is the thing .
whatever i write here ha to be really , really funny .
because people out there are expecting it .
I have already set the bar really high .
and they are all worried about their job , you know .
it is kind of dark out there .
can you imagine if i wrote something like , uh , `` oh , meredith .
love , michael . '' meredith , meredith ... meri ... mary had a little lamb .
mary ... meredith had a little lamb .
do not bring that lamb to work or it will poop on the floor .
oh , not at all .
what is going on ?
of course i would .
get it over here .
get that over here .
no , I am always good ... for some serious buckage .
two dollar , three dollar ?
people out here do not care about disease .
i am going to give you ... $ 25 .
oh , my gosh , well ... listen , oscar , generosity and togetherness and community all convalescence into ... morale .
that is what i say , so ... meredith , bad breath .
meredith ha bad breath .
what do you know about meredith ?
there is not going to be downsizing dwight , ok ?
i just , i need to know a little bit more about my friend .
i know all that .
i know all that .
i just , i need something kind of embarrassing , you know .
kind of fun , inside .
which one is that again ?
I am trying to write something funny .
what am i going to do with a removed uterus ?
you know what , i am on a deadline here , and just ... ok. thanks , thanks for your help .
I will work it out .
that wa a waste of time .
it is perfect , thank you .
excellent , here we go .
it is time , thank you .
ok , come on .
it is surprise meredith .
one , two ... find a key .
you were surprised , were not you ?
you looked freaked , man .
we said `` surprise . '' you were , like , `` what ? '' `` what the hell 's going on here ? '' good cake .
why do not you have some ?
god , too bad .
it is so good .
if i were allergic to dairy , i think I would kill myself .
because this is way , way too good .
jim , good party , huh ?
just a little something i whipped up .
you know , a little morale boost .
well , you know , money is not everything jim .
it is not the key to happiness .
you know what is ?
you should remember that .
maybe you will give more than three dollar next time .
i just thought it wa kind of a flat , you know ... 25 dollar , one-time donation .
i did not think it wa per mile kind of deal .
you know , so ... i know ... right .
um ... no , no , no , no , no .
that wa not what i wa not , that wa not ... no .
it-it-it is not about the money .
it is just ... it ... it is the ethic of the thing , oscar .
how is your nephew ?
is he in good shape ?
how many mile did he do last year ?
son of a bitch .
read it out loud .
and say who wrote everything so we know whose is the best .
i do not know about that .
because of the downsizing .
and because you are gettin ' old .
you did not get the joke .
so , that is cool .
that is , you know what ?
actually ... i have a bunch of these , good one , that i did not use .
um ... oh , where is that ?
oh , ok , here is a good one .
um ... `` hey meredith , liz taylor called , she want her age back and her divorce back . '' because meredith 's been divorced like , twice .
um ... ok , `` meredith is so old ... '' everybody ?
if ... could do it ?
`` meredith is so old ... '' `` she is so old , she went into an antique store and they kept her . '' that wa not even mine .
i got that off the internet .
um , do not get mad at me .
this is not my fault .
lady , not your best effort .
i think we could have done better than that .
ok , we ... all right .
people , hold on , hold on .
ok , i think we are losing sight of what is really important here .
and that is that we are ... a group of people ... who work together .
i wa ... i really wa not going to flaunt this .
i have made a very sizable donation to oscar 's nephew 's ... walkathon .
per mile , yes .
when i retire , i ... do not want to just disappear to an island somewhere .
i want to be the guy who give everything back .
a check for the kid , and for the team .
i want it to be like ... `` hey , who donated that hospital wing that is saving so many life ? '' `` um , well , i do not , i do not know .
it wa anonymous . '' `` well , guess what , that wa michael scott . '' `` but it wa anonymous , how do you know ? '' `` because I am him . '' come here .
do not cash that till friday , ok ?
all righty then , well i see you are going for the whole bored supermodel thing .
`` dunder mifflin , this is pam .
may i help you ? '' smoke , smoke , smoke , smoke .
i get it , i get it , i get it .
a child is born , `` oh , oh-hum . '' a beautiful sunset , `` no , I will catch the next one . '' right ?
unicorn walk into the office , `` oh , do you have an appointment ? '' okay , look pam this is not meant a a criticism , but let me tell you what you are doing wrong .
you are the voice of this company , right ?
and when client call and you are not smiling they can hear that in your voice .
it is a real turnoff .
yes , i am , absolutely .
so , the next call we get I would like you to smile .
I would like to see a big smile .
i know , somebody will .
and we will wait .
i know , i know , we will wait .
we will wait for the call and you will smile .
let me try something , just while we are waiting .
tell me if I am smiling or not .
hi pam , how are you ?
okay , let me try this one .
hi pam , how are you ?
i mean you can tell .
i wa not smiling that time and they can tell too .
all right , when we get a call I will come back and you will do the smile .
it is show time !
no , not at all come on in .
no , red hair is my area .
we have it on tape , so ... i wa going to put that in my message , toby .
so just cross it off .
cross it off , now .
what are you doing ?
oh come on , you are ruining it .
toby , come on .
just , look at that .
get some white out .
that is my white out .
get your own white out .
just ... what is the matter with you ?
okay , um , there wa a girl from dunder mifflin .
who had a big , puttifflin .
what do you know about meredith ?
there is not going to be downsizing dwight , ok ?
i just , i need to know a little bit more about my friend .
i know all that .
i know all that .
i just , i need something kind of embarrassing , you know .
kind of fun , inside .
which one is that again ?
I am trying to write something funny here , okay .
what am i going to do with a removed uterus ?
come up with a joke that i can use , okay ?
help me out here .
no , not a uterus joke dwight .
there is not going to be downsizing , dwight .
you know what , i am on a deadline here and just , okay .
thanks for your help .
I am ... I will work it out .
thanks for coming in , that is always ... always helpful when i give him a call .
ugh , that is so annoying .
by the way , do you remember any funny interaction we may have had recently that I have forgotten about ?
just , you know we bumped into each and you said , `` brr , brr . '' and i went , `` argh , argh . '' you know ?
well , if you think of something , let me know .
because i like to know .
because I am going crazy .
i know you did not intend to , but i just i got the idea and i , uh , i just do not it ha a lot of ethical merit to make people think something .
and then prey on their emotion .
no , hey it is just kind of uncool , okay ?
i , just ... play fair , you know , play fair .
because of the downsizing .
and because you are gettin ' old .
you did not get the joke .
so , that is cool .
that is , you know what ?
actually ... i have a bunch of these , good one , that i did not use .
um ... oh , where is that ?
oh , okay , here is a good one .
um ... '' hey meredith , liz taylor called , she want her age back and her divorce back . '' because meredith 's been divorced like , twice .
um ... okay , `` meredith is so old ... '' if everybody ... could do it ?
`` meredith is so old ... '' `` she is so old , she went into an antique store and they kept her . '' what is the difference between meredith and michael jackson ?
michael jackson 's surgery wa unnecessary .
we just picked the best one right ?
um , no , no .
do not comfort ... do not comfort her , that is not ... she doe not need comforting .
we are just joking around .
i think she is ... no that is very unprofessional .
i think she is being very unprofessional over there .
: hey , you ready ?
all right , all right , secret sign .
today at lunchtime we are going to be playing the warehouse staff at a friendly little game of basketball .
last time i wa down there , i noticed they would put up a couple of hoop , and i play basketball every weekend .
so i thought , `` this might be kind of fun . '' and so i started messing around and ... I am sinking a few , you know .
swish , swish , swish .
and their jaw just dropped to the floor .
so ... you know , it is really just a good friendly game , a reason to get together .
pam , pam , thank you madam .
and that is not me being mean , dwight .
that is based on your past behavior .
when i let him come to my pick-up game ... i vouched for you .
i vouched for you in front of todd packer , dwight .
all right , here is what I am going to do .
the hand strike and give a flower .
you are not going to play basketball .
but i need somebody to come in and take over the holiday and weekend work calendar .
excellent , it will be fun .
because corporate , uh , want someone to be here on saturday .
and so we are going to have to have some people come in on the weekend , and i know nobody 's going to want to do it and i know everybody 's going to complain and bitch and i do not want to have to deal with that .
assistant to the regional manager .
no , it is not .
it is lower , so ... all right , managing by walking around .
this is our warehouse .
or , a i like to call it , the whorehouse .
but do not you call it that , I have earned the right .
and here we have `` mister roger 's neighborhood . '' come on over here .
hey , this is ryan .
he is temping upstairs .
and this is the foreman .
no , it is darryl .
darryl is mista ra-jahs .
and that is lonny .
and this is roy .
you know , the uh , the best looking one upstairs .
you still getting it regular man ?
i mean , i can tell her it is part of the job !
so , um , one of the clock sharp and we have got a game on .
oh , i see , you are chickening out on me .
you are bailing on me .
oh , well , I am glad that some time is a busy time because whenever I am down here it doe not seem too busy to me .
you can dish it out , but you can not take it .
ok , fine , have it your way .
all right , see you at one .
are we ready for the game ?
i ... yeah , yeah .
i know , grumble , grumble .
but you would follow me to the end of the earth , grumbling all the way .
like that , uh , dwarf from lord of the ring .
that is why you are not on the team .
uh , `` I will help , elwyn dragonslayer , uh , ten point , power sword . '' ok , so , let u put together a starting line-up , shall we ?
um , what do you play ?
uh ... uh , i do not know .
i do not remember saying that .
well , people hear a lot of thing , man .
um ... other starter ... me , of course .
i heard it that time . ]
we have ryan , the new guy , right ?
willing to prove himself now .
a lot of passion , a lot of heart .
yes , this is business .
the , uh , business of team building and morale boosting .
uh , who else ?
i will use your talent come baseball season , my friend .
or if we box .
no , no , ridiculous .
all right , uh ... me , stan the man , jim , ryan and dwight .
no , I am team captain .
no , i am the team manager .
you can be assistant to the team manager .
jim , you are in charge of the vacation schedule now .
oh , pam with a zinger .
hey , pam , how would you , like to be our cheerleader today ?
you know , some , ah , pigtail ?
a little , ah , halter top , you could tie that up .
and you know , something a little , just , youthful , for a change .
yeah , i bet you would .
just try not to be too gay on the court .
and by gay i mean , um , you know , not in a homosexual way at all .
i mean the uh , you know , like the bad-at-sports way .
i think that go without saying .
oh , yeah right .
oh , yuck , that is worse than you playing .
... because we need you a an alternate in case somebody get hurt .
that is where we need you .
blessed be those who sit and wait .
you made it , suit up , you are on the team !
all right , cool !
a spy from the warehouse .
trying to figure out our play , huh , man ?
oh ho , oh , he is running .
he is running , but he can not hide because you know what ?
one of the clock , you better bring your ' a ' game .
because me , and my , posse guy are going to be in your face .
right in your face !
i like the way you think .
you know what , I am going to take that one step further .
loser , work , on saturday .
ok. cool , you are on .
do not screw this up .
classic beginner 's mistake , eating before a game .
hey , there he is !
all right , guy , come on , let u bring it in !
ok , listen , this is just going to be a friendly game , right ?
we are all on the same team here , the dunder mifflin team .
of course , if you beat u , you are fired .
that is a joke .
ok , let u do it .
all right , everybody stretch out a little bit .
ryan , you want to stretch ?
ok. ok , ryan , you have darryl .
actually , i think roy is their best player not lonny .
so , dwight , you uh , have the east german gal .
uh , who else we got ... um ... ok , all right , you guy .
aw , come on dwight .
just put it on .
you kind of have your foot in both camp , why do not you do the uh , jump ball ok ?
you got to be kidding me !
oh ... here we go !
who is on him ?
yeah , yeah , yeah .
over here , over here .
let u go to the zone !
we are going to zone !
who is got roy ?
aw , come on !
what is wrong with me today ! ?
dwight , i wa open .
all right , let u go .
that is a foul .
ok , I will take it .
ok. when i am playing hoop all of the stress and responsibility of my job here just melt away .
it is gone , I am in the zone .
what is wrong with me today ? !
am i michael scott ?
i do not know ... i might just be a basketball machine .
what is dunder mifflin ?
I have never heard of it .
um ... well , that is probably going to happen , actually .
jim , right here , jim !
give me the ball !
is that like the robot ?
dwight , dwight ... football is like rock and roll , it is just bam-bam-boo ... and basketball is like jazz , you know ?
you are kind of ... dupee-doo , dupee-do .
it is all downbeat , it is in the pocket , it is like ... dupee-do , dupee-do , dapee-dah ... du-du-du-du-dupee-do , de-do-do-do .
harlem globetrotter ... all right , time , time out .
come on , sale , over here .
what is going on ?
what is going on ?
you are playing like a bunch of girl .
all right , switch .
take it up a notch , come on .
shoot , shoot it .
whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa !
oh , that is ... you all right jim ?
oh , how much doe it hurt ?
how much doe it hurt ?
watch the long pass , you guy !
in , your , face !
angela , what is the score ?
yeah , baby , here we go !
oh , that hurt .
what is your problem man ?
gah , just clocking me for no reason ?
no , no , no , no .
that wa a flagrant , personal , intentional foul .
yes , it wa .
you know what , I am just being fair .
I am sorry , you know ?
i hate to do it this way but , you know , that is just ... we are having a friendly game .
it is a shame .
this is a damn shame , but we are like a family here and that just , that will not fly .
well , let u just say whoever wa ahead won .
i did not , i did not know .
great , i mean , i guess you guy are working saturday .
um ... well , you guy , you know , I am the bos so ... hey , hey ... you guy believed me ?
dog , you know , you should know me better than that .
no , oh , do you think that would have been good for morale ?
I am embarrassed it wa even that close though .
so ... nah , of course , we are coming in saturday .
hey , what a game , huh ?
let u not be gloomy here man .
we are all in this together .
we are a team .
screw corporate , nobody 's coming in tomorrow .
you have the day off .
like coming in an extra day is going to prevent u from being downsized .
have a good weekend .
the great thing about sport is that it is all about character .
and you can learn lesson about life even if you do not win .
but we did because we were ahead .
thank you for noticing .
uh , they look that good ?
oh , pam please behave .
mike myers , genius .
um , no actually i got them at a fancier place .
uh ... yes , yes .
assistant to the regional manager .
no , it is not .
like trying to find the camera , to give the camera a look .
okay , we are done .
is that your stomach ?
i keep hearing somebody is stomach .
the answer wa on fire !
man i tell ya .
iverson ha maybe got me beat by like 20 pound , 3 inch .
no , neither am i. we both look good .
do i have a nickname on the court , um ?
well , the answer would be nice , but it is taken .
so , uh , probably the question .
the answer dish to the question .
the question back to the answer .
answer over to the question .
the answer , whew , three point .
the question , whew , whew , six point .
question , who is the best player in the league ?
answer , the question .
pac-man I am not your lover !
I am am not michael scott , i am dr. bergerstein .
it is not a jewish joke , so do not worry .
no , hey , hey , hey .
you know what i just wanted to remind you about the game today .
big game , big game .
no , you said you could man .
we are counting on ya .
you know you are playing point guard .
hey ... i mean , although it is just for fun , you know we want ... i wa counting on you man .
he is not the guy with the cheek .
kenny g. is ... if you knew jazz , you would know who i mean .
glad i remembered that .
jazz people know who he is .
stanley , got to play hurt .
i just want you know , you have been a big disappointment to me today , okay .
we are playing zone !
you just said , let me uh ... check my note .
you just said ... hey , hey how is alan ?
tell alan that the mets suck !
from me , big time .
okay uh , huh .
wow , a thousand big one .
do i uh , do i get to pick the prize ?
um , question : doe top salesman include uh , people who were at one time such outstanding salesman that 've been promoted to ... i did not mean me !
well , first what we have to do is find out what motivates people more than anything else .
can not do that .
tah , come on dwight .
just help me out here .
that is just stupid .
no , no , no .
no vendor in the office .
that is a distraction .
come on , I am busy .
so just tell her to go away .
oooh , alright I will talk to her .
all right girl break it up , you are being infiltrated .
cock in the henhouse .
do not say cock .
oh , what is your name , my fair lass ?
you are , uh you are like the new and improved pam .
pam 6.0. oh , look .
oh hey , no catfights you two .
I am against violence in the workplace .
nobody care what you think .
so uh , you know what ?
i usually do not allow solicitor in the office but today i am going to break some rule , and you can have the conference room .
well , let u put them in the hallway .
give them some chair .
one of the key to success according to small businessman .
i read small business man .
i also uh , subscribe to usa today and american way magazine , that is the in-flight magazine .
some great article in that .
they did this great profile last month of doris robert and where she like to eat when she is in phoenix .
this is my conference room .
so please , uh , make yourself at home .
whatever you need , I am right on the other side of this wall .
used to be a window here .
there is not anymore .
so , that is where i will be .
so if you need anything else , something to make you more confortable just do not hesitate to ask .
I am right here .
i should have spotted another addict .
uh , got to love the 'bucks .
it is like a slang for starbucks .
they are all over the place .
oh , man , that place is like the promised land to me .
what a business model too .
ah , too bad we do not have the good stuff here .
nah , it is not .
it is spppplllibbb no , here is the thing .
y'know i do my best to be my own man and go by the beat of a different drummer and nobody get me , and they are always putting up wall and I am always tearing them down , just breakin ' down barrier , that is what i do all day .
so a coffee , regular coffee for you .
high test , or unleaded ?
woo , i will .
i will bring it on .
ah , all right .
nice steaming cup of'joe .
i have an idea .
why do not i introduce you around , you know you can kind of get your foot in the door , meet potential clientele , right ?
oh , um , well , we could have ryan take a look .
ryan , would you look after the purse , please ?
yeah , well , bladdy-bluda-blah-blah .
just do it , okay .
you should sell a lot here because this branch made over a million dollar last year .
not that we are all millionaire .
I am probably closest .
so here is oscar .
oscar , this is katy .
i thought of that .
i made the connection .
can you believe he would never heard that before he worked here ?
i know , it is unbelievable .
here is toby from human resource .
he uh , guh recently , right ?
you and your wife , and you have kid .
oh that so - that wa really messy .
he slept one night in your car too ?
see ya in a bit .
oh , she is cute .
i live by one rule .
but , i live by another rule : just do it .
giggle-giggle , juji-juji , i get it , i get it .
divine secret of the ya ya sisterhood over here right ?
so how is that uh , coffee from earlier ?
ah , i knew it .
you greedy little thing .
so , uh , pam is this your lunch break , or wa that earlier when you were eating in the kitchen with those guy ?
oh hey , i want to show you something .
come here i want to show you something .
i know you are going to like this .
picked it up today .
a thousand big one .
this is a starbucks digital barista .
this is the mack daddy of espresso maker .
oh , i know what you are thinking .
you are not prying this out of my hand , but do not tempt me because I will give it to you !
coffee is the great incentivizer in the office .
it is a drug .
it is quite literally a drug that speed people up .
it is not the only drug that speed people up .
you hear story about dunder mifflin in the eighty before everybody knew how bad cocaine wa .
man , did they move paper !
oh the rotating um , steam wand .
what is the matter ?
because i can give you a ride .
no , no , no , no .
i mean I am out of here at five sharp .
i can go earlier .
because I am the bos .
you know , whatever .
I am out of here slave .
five of the clock sharp .
i will give you and your purse a ride home .
i should have never let the temp touch this thing .
i had all these great icon and now i have four folder .
so .. no it is not .
because i could just click on the icon and then I am onto -- no , no , no it is not against the rule .
she is not a permanent employee so it is not .
but i think you should just know that i am going to be giving her a ride home later .
she asked me for a ride and so i am going to give her a ride home .
well , might be a ride home .
might be a ride home and we stop for coffee and dot-dot-dot ... no .
i can not promise you that .
i do not know .
it is too early to tell .
i do not know how i feel .
ummm-hmmm ... very easy to clean .
like he is going to win anyway , right ?
did we get any mail ?
yes , you did .
just checkin ' , double checkin ' , checkin ' on the check .
thoroughness is very important in an office and ... yeah , yeah , of course .
uh , pam , one more thing .
um , how do girl your age feel about futon ?
would you like to help me with a special project ?
okay , just throw out all the empty .
throw them away in the recycling bin .
uh , what flavor ?
blue 's not a flavor .
oh , blue blast .
yes , put that in the trunk , and there should be an unopened arctic chill back there .
i want that in the passenger cupholder .
that is my drakkar noir .
no , it is a perfect smell-alike .
I am not paying for the label .
not it is not , there is some in the straw .
there , now you may throw it out .
that is over several month , ryan .
i think in order to be a lady man , it is imperative that people do not know you are a lady man , so i kind of play that close to the chest .
i do not know , what can i say ?
woman are attracted to power .
and i think other people have told me that i have a very symmetrical face .
i do not know .
i do not know .
maybe they are right ?
i do not know .
sure you do not want me to help you with that ?
because i can grab that no problem .
alright , have fun .
do not drink and drive .
you too , have a good night .
do i have a special someone ?
uh well , yeah of course .
a bunch of them .
if i had to choose between a one-night-stand with some stupid cow i pick-up in a bar , and these people ?
I would pick them every time .
because with them , it is an everyday stand and i still know their name in the morning .
okay , that is it .
keep it in your pant .
well , do not do that .
where are your glass ?
did you know that ?
well , now suddenly he can see .
okay , take off .
there you go steaming hot cup of joe .
oh , i know your hero .
yeah , saving you from animal planet jack over there .
yeah , yeah he is the worst .
right , but 20 year ago we could not and that is amazing .
here is toby from human resource .
god , that is hard .
that really ripped you up .
she got the kid right ?
that will damage ya .
that is uh , that is a bad one .
how much you paying her ?
what can , you can not even afford anything now , right ?
you are all right though , right ?
do not ask me for a raise .
cup of soup 's a good idea though .
that will ... that is a good budgetary thing to do .
well , they are good snack .
they are good food , good meal , good lunch .
roman noodle are good too .
you still sleepin ' in the car ?
because he slept in the car a couple time .
are you still taking the antidepressant ?
because it wa a good idea .
because it will help .
it will help , man .
I will see you in a bit .
she is pretty cute is not she ?
see you in a bit .
ah , i know , everything really .
i love it all .
yes , i love both of those so much .
a lot of them .
that last thing they did wa great .
cool , so maybe hook me up with some fleebulls and some hive .
this is going to be good .
tonight is the dundies , the annual employee award night here at dunder mifflin .
and this is everybody 's favorite day .
everybody look forward to it , because , you know , a lot of the people here do not get trophy , very often .
like meredith or kevin , i mean , who is going to give kevin an award ?
plus , bonus , it is really , really funny .
so i , you know , an employee will go home , and he will tell his neighbor , `` hey , did you get an award ? '' and the neighbor will say , `` no man .
i mean , i slave all day and nobody notice me . '' next thing you know , employee smell something terrible coming from neighbor 's house .
neighbor 's hanged himself due to lack of recognition .
so ... hey hey hey !
it is fat halpert .
so why do not i take you on a tour of past dundie winner .
we got fat jim halpert here .
jim , why do not you show of your dundies to the camera ?
oh , that is a good idea .
ah , it is just easier to say t.m.i .
i used to say `` do not go there '' but that is ... lame .
and here we have stanley the manly .
now stanley is a dundie all-star , are not you stan ?
why do not you , ah , show them some of your bling .
oh , no you di-int .
w-why did you ... yes we should .
i ... you know what ?
i wanted one of those skillet of cheese , but when i got off stage , someone had eaten all of them .
to oscar martinez it is the `` show me the money '' award !
he ha the award-ah !
... it is a type of song that we are going to play for the lady .
hit it , dwight !
a little bit of paaam , all night long , a little bit of angela on the thing ... ... a little bit of phyllis everywhere ... ... a little bit of roooy eating chicken crispers ... ... a little bit of jim with some rib , a little bit of ... will her highness , jan levinson-gould , be descending from her corporate throne this evening to visit u lowly serf here at dunder mifflin scranton ?
well , you could take the bus .
you could work on the way here .
sleep on the way home .
wuh ... come on , january this is important .
i mean , this is , this is , validation to my employee here that you and corporate approve of this .
so ... um ... could you ... ?
yeah , I am here , i just wanted to , uh , talk to you for a second about that .
um , what , ah , what is , i mean ... ... come on , jan !
you are dropping an a-bomb on me here .
well , yeah , i mean , what is ... no reason ? !
it wa the 05 05 05 party ... ... it happens once every billion year .
okay , no , that wa a fun raiser .
i think i made that very clear in the flier , fun , f-you-n. well , i think a lot of people were very affected by the footage .
this is a little character i like to do , it is , uh , loosely based on karnack , one of carson 's classic character .
the plo , the ira , and the hot dog stand behind the warehouse .
`` name three business that have a better health care plan than dunder mifflin . '' here is the problem .
there is no open bar because of jan and it is the reason why comedy club have a two drink minimum .
it will be fine , i just ... wish people were going to be drunk .
the dundie award for `` longest engagement '' go to pam beesley .
when is that girl going to get married ?
that is what i have to say .
ah , roy 's accepting .
are there any word you would like to say , on pam 's behalf ?
yeah , oh , hope not !
I am not changing that , it is the best one .
that is why it is funny .
every year that roy and pam do not get married , it get funnier .
okay , well , that is just ridiculous , so just do not , i-i do not have time for this right now .
just do not , do not talk- do not talk- just stap it yap it ! ! ! !
okay , look , i know there have been a lot of rumor flying around about the dundies this year .
how there is no money , and how there is no food , and how the joke are really bad , but what the hell everybody ! ?
i mean , god .
the dundies are about the best , in every , one of u .
can not you see that ?
i mean , okay , we can do better .
so , tonight , for the first time , we are inviting all of your friend and family to attend the award with u .
yeah , not bad , right ?
so let u make this the best dundies ever .
`` the dundies , how can i explain it ?
award you like to hate it .
I am psyched you all made it .
you never had to work so hard and feel that no one notice you .
you are just a name and number and no one even say hello . '' card !
`` you down with the dundies ?
you down with the dundie- '' alright , alright , joke landed .
so we are here , thank you all for coming to the 2005 dundie award .
i am your host , michael scott .
and i just want to tell you please , please , do not drink and drive .
because you may hit a bump and spill the drink !
nope , actually this year , ah , no group tab , we are going to be doing separate check .
and why did not ya stanley ?
well , I am looking forward to meeting terri .
speaking of relationship , of all , all way shape and form .
um , i wa out on a very , very hot date with a girl from hr , dwight .
no , that ... for the sake of the story .
and thing were getting hot and heavy .
and i wa about to take her bra off ... ... when she made me fill out six hour of paperwork- no !
alright , so let u get this party staaaarrrrted .
um , guy , where you going ?
pam , show 's just getting started .
and now ... to someone who quietly go about their job , but always seems to land the biggest account ... ... the `` busiest beaver '' award go to phyllis lapin .
yeah , way to go phyllis .
nice work , per usual .
i told them busiest ... idiot .
well , we will fix it up .
you do not have to display that .
I am going to cwall jan revinson-gould .
oh , dat wir be fwar .
ah , me so horny .
you know wat I am talking 'bout .
this next award go to somebody , who really , light up the office .
somebody , who i think a lot of u , can not keep , from checking out .
the `` hottest in the office '' award go to ... ... ryan the temp !
`` hidy ho , you sexy thang .
you sexy thang you . '' here you go .
and the `` tight as '' award go to angela .
not only because she is everybody 's favorite stickler , but because she ha , a great caboose .
so ... come on down .
the `` spicy curry '' award go to our very own kelly kapoor !
get on up here .
um , not everything mean something , it is just a joke .
i do not know , it is just ... i know .
it is ju- they did not have any more businessmen .
so ... just sit down kelly .
it is so freakin ' hot in there .
now i know what bob hope wa going through when he performed in saudi arabia .
i got dwight sucking the funny out of the room , but you do what you can do .
here we go , he is early with the cue .
`` you have won a tiny dundie . '' hey , thanks guy .
hey , where you guy from ?
oh , alright , yeah .
uh , you know what guy , we are just having a little office party , so if you want , uh ... hey , you know , cool it guy , really- let u cut it .
i had a few more dundies to , uh , give out tonight , but , I am just going to cut it short .
and wrap it up so everybody can enjoy their food .
um ... thanks for listening , those who listened .
this last dundie is for kevin , this is the `` do not go in there after me '' award .
it is for the time that i went into the bathroom after him , and it wa really , really smelly .
so ... there you go .
alright , alright , alright , okay .
alright , we will keep rolling .
okay , this is the fine work award .
this go to stanley , for all the fine work he did this year .
you know you did .
and this next award is going out to our own little pam beesley ... ... i think we all know what award pam is going to be getting this year .
it is the `` whitest sneaker '' award !
because she always ha the whitest tennis shoe on !
get on down here !
pam beesley lady and gentleman !
oh , here we go .
pam beesley lady and gentleman .
wa this year 's dundies a success ?
well , let u see , i made pam laugh so hard , that she fell out of her chair , and she almost broke her neck .
so i killed , almost .
yes , that too , but i mean with the audio .
what do we know about him ?
he is an accountant .
the fat accountant award .
what did they say ?
`` for a good time , call michael scott '' ?
why do you think that ?
you just immediately go to that , dwight ?
why are you so negative ?
why ... i mean , you just come in and you are just negative ... ... and you just walk negatively .
do you want me to find out what it say ?
what doe that even mean ?
what are you ... what are you talking about ?
just go and find out what it say and who said it and report back to me .
but do not tell anybody that i have anything to do with it because if they ask me , i will say that you are crazy .
you will not regret this , michael .
i had not planned on including him .
well , what should i do , guy ?
seriously , do you want me to just cancel the dundies ?
he is my most popular character .
well , he is based on the chinese delivery guy that i have , who talk exactly like that , so , i think you should take it up with him instead of me .
well , neither of you are chinese , so what ... why do you care ?
dwight , you have hit a new low here .
that is a good point .
okay , all right , i will do that .
i will get to that definitely .
oh , i do not know .
maybe after i finish writing , producing , directing , and hosting your award show .
all right , just relax , keep your pant on .
unless , of course , you are in the bathroom and you should be able to take your pant off in that case without creepsville central spying on you .
you down with the dundies ?
you down with the dundies ?
you down with the dundies ?
you are all my homies you down with the dundies ?
yeah , all the homies i have listened to that song so many time and i still do not know what opp stand for .
other people 's ... something .
i ... he is hot , all right ?
what do you want me to do about it ?
it wa unanimous , toby .
well , okay , i based it on what i felt wa unanimous office sentiment , and this is not even about what ryan think .
it is about you .
it is about how you feel about the dundies .
yes , it is true .
okay , i do not have time for this .
i need to get on stage and you are breaking my concentration .
me chief michael scott .
here to trade ... absolutely .
is this mine or is this chili 's ?
have a good night .
see you next year .
hey , what is up ?
um ... check your spam folder .
i am king of forward .
it is how i like to do business , everybody joking around .
we are like 'friends ' .
i am chandler and joey and , uh , pam is rachel .
and dwight is kramer .
uh ... because it is nature .
um , i ... yeah ... maybe .
well , we will see .
because i ... i do not know if it is ... whup !
oh , you are so bad !
oh , this guy is out of control !
he is a madman !
better get the bleep button ready for him .
todd packer and i are total bff .
he and i came up together a salesman .
one time , we were out and we met this set of twin .
and packer told them that we were brother .
and so , you know , one thing led to another , and we brought them back to the motel .
and then packer did both of them .
grade ' a ' gossip for you , right now .
randall , cfo , resigned .
it is going to be a bumpy one !
well , to be fair ... blonde , brunette , you know , there is a lot of dumb people out there .
i did not say it !
i did not say it !
what did i tell you about the bleep button .
that todd packer can do anything .
hey , send me that link to the monkey sex video .
I am going to forward it like it is hot .
forward it like it is hot .
forward it like it is hot .
`` old school '' .
um ... literally two second ?
toby is in hr which technically mean he work for corporate .
so he is really not a part of our family .
also he is divorced so he is really not a part of his family .
no , no , toby .
it is a big deal .
it is a big deal !
what are we supposed to do ?
scrutinize every little thing we say and do all day ?
i mean , come on !
okay , what is a lawyer going to come in and tell u ?
to not send out hilarious email or not tell joke ?
there is no such thing a an appropriate joke .
that is why it is a joke .
i know you are all busy and the last thing you want is for a major interruption .
but toby ha an announcement that he insists on making right now in the middle of the day .
so , take it away .
i wish you luck , toby .
but you are going to have a mutiny on your hand and i just can not wait to see how you handle it .
a guy go to a five dollar ... lady of the night and he get crab .
so , the next day he go back to complain .
and the woman say `` hey .
it wa only five dollar .
what did you expect ?
lobster ? '' this is what is at stake .
time to bring out the big gun .
I am heading down to the warehouse where joke are born .
find a killer joke that will just blow everybody away at the seminar later .
and remind them what is great about this place .
wondering if i could , uh , get your help for something .
I am looking for a new joke to tell and it need to be just killer .
and it doe not need to be clean .
so What are you got ?
um , yeah , no , well ... i mean better .
the type of stuff you guy tell all day .
well , yeah , but , you know ... a joke but not necessarily at my expense .
that wa still about me .
i do not feel bad .
no , i do not .
well , not exactly what i wa looking for but thanks guy .
hi , is it over ?
i know , i know .
it is not over .
it is not over til it is over .
did he tell you everything ?
obviously , he did not because you all still look relatively happy .
do you realize what we are losing ?
can we afford to lose email forward ?
do we want that ?
give me a break .
umm ... stanley , how about that hot picture you have by your desk ?
centerfold in the catholic schoolgirl 's outfit ?
i mean , it is hot , it is sexy , and it turn him on .
and i will admit , best part of my morning is staring at it .
are we just going to take it away ?
i think the old honor system wa just fine .
for example , i have never slept with an employee .
and , believe me , i could have .
remember how hot she wa ?
she would have definitely slept with me .
yes , she wa .
what if pam wa a lesbian ?
what if she brought her `` partner '' in to work ?
would that be crossing the line ?
what if they made out ?
in front of everybody ?
and i told everybody everything about it .
well , then let u act it out .
pam , you will be girl a and girl b will be ... okay !
we will use the doll .
i wish todd packer wa here because he would love this .
i wonder if anybody else would like to do this .
um ... we have to watch , uh , toby 's video that he is showing u in order to brainwash u and i wa wondering if anybody would like to join in ?
going to be fun .
got my great pizza .
that is what she said .
that is what she sai nope , but ... okay .
well , suit yourself .
whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ... okay !
she is a hypocrite .
that is such a scam !
okay , you are never going to believe this .
the girl in the video we are watching that corporate gave u ... darryl banged her !
aaand is about 90 % sure .
so you are the lawyer , mr. of'malley ?
i know a lot of lawyer joke .
well , it is probably because you do not get them .
when i said before that i wa king of forward , you got to understand that i do not come up with this stuff .
i just forward it along .
you would not arrest a guy who is just delivering drug from one guy to another .
the problem is that i am the bos and apparently i can not say anything .
where is the line ?
where is the line , january no , I have seen the video .
no , i did not .
i just want you to know that , uh , this is not my decision , but from here on out ... we can no longer be friend .
and when we talk about thing here we must only discus work-associated thing .
and , uh , you can consider this my retirement from comedy .
and in the future , if i want to say something funny or witty or do an impression , i will no longer , ever , do any of those thing .
that is what she said !
you would have done the same .
you just did not think of it first .
it is ... that is ... okay .
this is my lawyer , james p. albiny .
i believe you may recognize his face from the billboard .
he specializes in free speech issue .
this guy doe it all .
so I am not in trouble ?
i am so used to being the bad boy .
i am so used to fighting corporate that i forget that i am corporate .
they hooked me up with an attorney .
you can not be too careful about what you say .
mo ' money , mo ' problem .
well , let u get you out of here , james .
um ... i think we are under an hour still , so ... i know .
we will talk about it later .
thanks for coming in .
no , no , no .
that cross the line .
hostile work environment , kevin .
a point is not a say .
kevin , we are a family here and phyllis is a valued member of that family .
i do not know about that .
well , i have a late birthday and usually september 's a cut-off point .
you just crossed the line .
there is a line and you went over it .
and you must be punished .
so go to your corner .
yes , your corner .
they did not get to me .
i got to them .
i am still the same old michael scott .
you know what else ?
i think she is gorgeous .
i think she is incredibly , incredibly attractive person .
c'mere , c'mere , c'mon !
I am not worried .
the only thing I am worried about ... is getting a boner .
good work today , everybody .
time have changed a little .
and even though we are still a family here at dunder-mifflin , family grow .
and at some point , the daddy can not take a bath with the kid anymore .
i am upper management .
and it would be inappropriate for me to take a bath with pam .
a much a i might want to .
what is going on ?
i do not get what you mean .
well , you said i looked thin , so what doe ... doe that mean I am like thin weird or thin handsome or ... yes , well , of course .
no , but I am saying hypothetically if we were dating ... well , roy is dead , and i ask you out .
you say yes , and we go out .
and now roy and pam are dead , and we have your stupid rule to blame , toby .
I am an early bird , and I am a night owl .
so I am wise , and i have worm .
thank you , ryan .
the sausage , egg , and cheese biscuit .
and why do not you take a couple hour .
the office is yours .
`` home alone , '' `` risky business . '' take your pant off , run around .
whatever you got to do .
got to watch those carbs .
today , i , michael scott , am becoming a homeowner .
investing in real estate .
it is very important to own property .
back in olden day , they would not even let you vote unless you owned property and they would throw you in the stock and humiliate you .
sign the paper at the condo .
uh , i do not need one .
i do not need a representative .
well , this is not about work .
this is closing on a condo , it is completely personal .
except that , this is about my living arrangement , and a bos , i need to have a living arrangement in order to do work .
yes , you can come .
no it is not .
oh , most honorable pamera .
not offensive , because that is the way they talk in movie .
dwight and i are going to the big thing .
so why do not you have everybody work on their expense report and I would like them in by the end of the day .
um , did you do the thing i asked you to do about the magazine ?
the small business man ?
how about , uh , fine art ?
no , well can you get on that , because i do not just read cracked .
ok. see you soon .
i do not know , regular .
what are you doing ?
it is fifty degree outside .
do not ... please ... i ... just ... would you put it up ?
just leave it down .
i do not understand what you spend your money on .
home , sweet home .
someday i can just see my grandkids learning how to walk out here .
hang a swing from this tree .
push them back ... wait ... no , it is this one , right here .
home , sweet home .
oh , how are you ?
nice to meet you , bill .
when they pull him apart ?
he would always get rolled over by something .
nice to meet you too .
I am buying it and I am not renting it .
so , it is still an upgrade .
he doe not know anything about property ownership .
kind of an idiot .
it is good to be accommodating of that .
this , my friend , is the master bedroom .
check out the cathedral ceiling .
those are like seventeen foot high .
we have cable readiness .
i am going to totally pimp this place out .
i am going to put a surround sound system .
i am going to put a plasma screen right against this wall .
I am putting my bed right over here .
well , then i will get a warrantee .
well then i will not get a warrantee .
so that is the problem , is solved .
uh ... ten year .
ok , ok , ok. alright .
oh , ok. is that suppose to come off ?
I am going to take a little breather for a second .
the ceiling are lower than they were last week .
that , i do not ... i do not ... ... know if you showed me this same unit or not .
where are all the hot people ?
i wa told that there would be all these attractive single .
a far a i can tell , I am the best-looking person here .
there is a basic principle in real estate , that you should never be the best-looking person in the development .
it is just sorta common sense , because if you are , then you have no place to go but down .
no , no , no .
i am not going to rent the third bedroom .
i want a price reduction or i am a-walkin .
i made the right decision .
I am glad i signed .
I am a homeowner .
good to be a homeowner .
we are having fun .
there is something else dwight wanted to talk to you about .
i have a surprise for you , for helping me out today .
because you have really done some great work .
and that is why , i am going to let you move into my third bedroom and pay me rent .
why did i do it ?
because i believe in rewarding people for their effort .
i rewarded dwight with the room , and he is rewarding me back , ah , with $ 500 plus utility .
I am thinking , lock into a four year commitment , we will go month to month after that .
or , until i start dating , have a girlfriend , then you are , you know , you are gone .
what the hell is a terrarium ?
oh , so an aquarium .
ah , that will not come into this place .
we take separate car .
why would we do that ?
I am sorry , but you reach out and you try to be a nice guy , and help out a friend , and this is what happens .
this is what i get .
I am ... ok. yeah , well , you know what ?
nobody care about your stupid beet farm .
beet are the worst .
nobody like beet , dwight .
why do not you grow something that everybody doe like ?
you should grow candy .
I would love a piece of candy right now .
what is going ... what is going on ?
it is very cool .
it is a three bedroom , gay-friendly .
i do not really know what to say .
um , I am not one for making speech , but ah , my heart is very full at this moment .
get up here , dwight .
yep , not a good a gold .
why are you playing the national anthem ?
what the hell is that ?
I will tell you .
let u see here .
three bedroom , two bath ... ... contemporary townhouse .
two car parking ... ... wall-to-wall carpet ... ... all fixture included .
yes , this is ... this is looking good .
i think it doe .
i think it ha a ... yeah , it ha a deck .
they call it a porch , but it ha a deck .
are we going to do it ?
ah , the volunteer sheriff station .
oh , anything bad ?
i do not need a gun .
I am , uh , just about to close on 126 over there and i guess we are going to be neighbor .
very cool , very cool .
so , uh , so what is the vibe ?
what is the vibe of this place ?
oh ... that is going to change .
because i love to party and I am going to be partying my butt out at this place .
here is a question for you .
i have a convertible .
is it safe that park that in my driveway .
hello , how are you ?
good to see you .
what are you doing in there ?
oh , my god .
you know what i might do , i might make this into a kid ' room .
i will have a girlfriend once she see this place .
I am going to get married and I am going to have kid .
I am not going to date a 55-year-old woman .
no , it is not .
you are an as .
no , you do not .
this smell of fraud to me .
this whole thing just kind of stink .
howard , slash ryan , ryan howard is sitting in my office .
and he ha been a temp here for a couple of month and he is kind of gotten the lay of the land a little bit .
had a few laugh along the way .
and now he want to know what i think .
first up , proficiency in necessary skill .
five year from now , what do you want to do ?
where do you want to be ?
want to be a manager ?
ryan 's about to attend the michael scott school of business .
I am like mr. miyagi and yoda rolled into one .
much advice you seek .
do you know who that is ?
there are ten rule of business that you need to learn .
number one : you need to play to win .
but ... you also have to win to play .
and i will give you the rest of the ten at lunch .
yes , i wa the first one out .
and , yes , I have heard woman and child first .
but , we do not employ child .
we are not a sweat shop .
and , uh , woman are equal in the workplace by law .
so , i let them out first , i have a lawsuit on my hand .
another rule of business is being able to adapt to different situation .
that is rule number two .
so what wa rule two ?
okay , well , let u ... .
let u kind of take it a little slower .
okay , uh , well , one is taken .
well , he need a permanent number , right ?
that ... no , no , no .
in business , image is everything - andre agassi .
this car is an investment .
if i have to take out a client or I am seen around scranton in it .
i love this car .
do you like it ?
wow , some pretty big book back there , huh ?
hello , mr. egghead !
so ... oh , stanley kaplan !
'm ' is for murder , ' p ' is for ... ... for phone .
um , oh , thinking about business school ?
so you think you know a lot about business ?
come on , egghead .
let u do it .
uh ... when i wa ryan 's age , i worked in a fast food restaurant , to save up money for school .
and then i spe ... lost it in a pyramid scheme .
but i learned more about business , right then and there , than business school would ever teach me , or ryan would ever teach me .
can i ... can i just do it please ?
uh , it is equal .
it wa a trick question .
you know what , dwight ?
you do not need to help me here .
well , you know ... maybe you should go to business school like ryan , then ... then you would know what you are talking about .
for instance , why do not you go to business ... stop .
you are acting like a dork .
would you cool it ?
he is not your five year old brother , dwight .
he is a valued member of this company ... and you know what ?
he know more about business than you ever will .
i did not go to business school .
you know who else did not go to business school ?
lebron james , tracy mcgrady , kobe bryant .
they went right from high school to the nba .
so ... so it is not the same thing .
look at this stuff .
what is that supposed to be ?
you are so smart .
you are so eff-in ' smart .
you should be teaching me .
i became a salesman ... because of people , i love making friend .
but then i wa promoted to manager , at a very young age .
i still try to be a friend first , but ... you know ?
I am very successful ... your coworkers look at you differently .
huu , what do you think ?
nah , I am okay .
game , what game are we playing here ?
oh , i play this at home all the time while I am falling asleep .
what , uh ... .
where are we here ?
who would you do , roy ?
who is next , who is next , who is next , who is ?
who would you do ?
well , i would definitely have sex with ryan .
because he is going to own his own business .
who is , uh ... who is next ?
whooo ... wish i had my cell phone , but i left it inside .
so ... what is that ?
dwight , do not !
he is an idiot .
the man is an idiot , lady and gentleman .
i did not say it to him .
i said it about him .
how long doe it take to find a cell phone ?
i do not know either .
seriously , where the hell is dwight ?
hey , call my cell phone .
it will make it easier for him to find .
i gave it to you in the car .
i saw you program it in .
uh , i better tell somebody .
excuse me , sir ... dwight ! ?
why did you go in there ?
what ... everybody wa scared out of their wit , man ?
well , i guess they do not teach how to operate a toaster oven in business school .
hey , did you miss that day there , ryan ?
i know what will impress everybody , I will start a fire .
... since the world wa turning .
rule five - safety first , i.e .
do not burn the building down .
that should be a no brainer .
ryan is book smart .
and i am street smart .
I will give you the rest of the ten tomorrow .
yes , yes , yes , yes , yes .
and at the end i will reveal , that they were all just one rule .
no , I am not trying to trick him .
I am trying to be a good mentor .
no , come on , dwight , i have to have 10 of these by lunch , i promised ryan .
I am not asking the temp for an extension unless i really need it .
happy halloween , everyone !
oh ... that is great !
ohh ... ok. i know why she is calling .
it is the end of the month , and i wa supposed to let somebody go by the end of the month .
and somehow I am supposed to put on a costume and smile .
well , I am going to wait till the end of the day .
because the book said it is best to wait till the end of the day .
i do not know ... yet .
i will have to call her back .
if you were getting fired , how would you want to be told so you could still be friend with the person firing you ?
I will call her back .
wish i could fire sherri .
i mean you hear about layoff in the news , but when you actually have to do it yourself , it is heavy stuff .
it is ... these are people 's life you are talking about .
um , pam , i have to let somebody go today .
this is , uh , the hardest thing I have ever had to do .
because it is very scary stuff .
you are worried about the party ?
there is a man 's life at stake here .
if you had to guess , who it would be based on their job performance ... and who you think deserved to be fired - who would that be ?
and ... sometimes you just let it go to voicemail .
i sent away for it in july from a catalog .
okay , i have to fire somebody .
you guy excited about the party ?
it is going to be fun .
oh , boy ... look at you !
bet you wish you wore a dress every day .
what happened to all those spooky decoration that we had ?
the cobweb and such ?
well , you know what ?
go buy some more .
I will approve the overage .
oh , yeah , also about budget stuff .
um , I am going to need you to find , like a , a full employee salary , plus benefit , like fifty grand .
I am going to need you to find 50 grand in the number .
well , that is not what I am saying .
just , you know , find it .
pretend that your job depend on it .
interesting take on dorothy .
hey , you know what would even be better ?
soccer ball and cleat .
`` bend it like beckham . '' yeah .
that would be perfect .
well , i do not really have two head .
so ... who do you think it should be ?
no , jim brings in money .
it is not a popularity contest .
although it doe make sense to fire the least popular because it ha the least effect on morale .
there wa someone left off that list ?
you are right , i did not even think of him .
yeah , that is actually a really good idea .
yeah ... i could .
I am not saying that is what he said .
that is not a very nice thing to say about him .
he would land on his foot .
how did it go with stanley ?
how ... how did he take it ?
ahh , come on .
i do not want to fire stanley .
i never said that .
I am certainly not going to do it myself .
get those big , baleful , eye staring at me .
just , okay , just ... oh , god .
that would have solved all my problem .
oh , you idiot .
if you left , i would not have to fire anybody .
oh , it would have worked out so well .
can you get it back ?
can you call them ?
why are you torturing me ? !
can i speak to you a minute ?
i want you to role play firing me .
i want you to fire me , and i will take it .
i want you to be me , and i will be creed .
no , no , no .
that is just the first thing ... came ... in head .
yes , that is a good idea .
I am going to kill myself !
I am going to kill myself , and it is your fault !
corporate is really breathing down my neck .
and they are saying this ha to be done by the end of the month .
i ... this is creed .
I am improvising , so just try to keep up .
and I am very angry , and i want ... I am going to kill you .
I am going to kill you for firing me .
get off , get off .
ok .. just get off .
just , just ... yeah .
uh , hey ... creed ?
could i talk to you for a second ?
and i feel like you want more than this little office ha to offer .
and i understand that you would want to just spread your wing , and fly the coop .
i ... we are going to have to ... you ... you want something better .
no , you want to leave .
why ... why are you making this so hard ?
i think you are right .
no , of course you can not go .
we have not even started this horrible process of ... okay , creed .
i need to let somebody go today .
they told me i need to let somebody go .
and a much a i think you are a great guy , and i like you , you are ... you are , goodbye .
what are you talking about ?
it is right here on the desk , yeah .
i can not , i can not ... i can not change anything .
this is the way ... i do not ... okay , just listen .
do not ... yeah , i went hunting once .
shot the deer in the leg , had to kill it with a shovel .
took about an hour .
why do you ask ?
i have to fire someone today , okay ?
okay , well ... i already picked you .
and you know that .
so , unless i just go through with this , you are always going to look at me a the guy who almost fired you .
do not ... devon , could i talk to you for a sec ?
well , he ... well , maybe i did .
i can not , no .
i can not go back .
i would look like an idiot .
it wa all the stuff that i said .
it wa the business downturn , the cutback , and , and ... i just hope that you and i can remain friend .
devon , wait , please .
in addition to severance , and everything , i want to give you this gift certificate to chili 's .
you know , it is just , it is just fun .
every year , it is just fun .
last halloween i came a janet jackson 's boob .
people got a ... a big kick out of it .
the year before that , i came a monica lewinsky , and i wore a stained dress .
the year before that , i also came a monica lewinsky .
and before that , i wa of.j .
it wa pretty funny .
oh , i wish you were here last year .
he ... hey , hey , hey , hey !
you guy look great .
and you are a princess ?
you are very ... .
you are a lion .
wow , i want to hear your , your ... oh !
oh , okay , that is all yours .
that is all yours .
grab it , grab it .
you guy are getting all of these .
you are always working hard .
and there is stanley .
well , no , not trying to fit in .
i wish i had your confidence , i really do .
what could possibly be wrong ?
just keep living your life .
everything 's going to be fine .
you are all such wonderful , innocent people .
if you are so anxious to see a head roll , it is you .
you brought it on yourself .
can not say that I am sorry .
it is a relief .
you asked for a name , i gave you a name .
now you are not doing your job .
why do not you just resign ?
just know that if i could have fired you , i would have .
that is my foot .
you guy ... i will handle it in the best way possible , but in case he or she go postal , you will be available to subdue .
i do not know .
hey , are you on our payroll or are you employed by the building ?
okay , well , just have your pepper spray ready .
all right , this is it .
by the time i get back to our floor , i will have decided .
wow , that is a fast elevator .
well , then , if anyone is annoyed later at what go down , you know who to blame .
not the guy who wa trying to be creative .
leave me alone , okay ?
how long have you worked here ?
how many year , creed ?
yeah , that is right .
fifteen year and three month .
wow , you were hired before i wa .
must be thinking about retirement .
it is just that you never got married and you live in an apartment .
just trying to be your friend .
of course , i did .
i always ... yes , i do .
are you pulling my leg or ... you have no clue why I have asked you in here ?
oh , here we go .
this ... um , here is the deal .
his name wa devon .
the human being man 's name wa devon .
yes , yes , yes .
yes , it is .
uh , well , i am .
my halloween is ruined .
i do not think you do .
devon wa one of my best buddy .
and now he hate me .
you think it wa good ?
think i did a good job ?
I am going to give myself a pat on the back .
I am doing it .
yeah , blah , blah , blah .
you people are revolting .
by far , the least popular people here .
i should have fired you .
who knew devon wa so popular and had so many friend .
i do not want to work , i just want to bang on this mug all day .
uhh , yes , i did , here is the dizzle .
i have a very top secret mission for you .
i want you to update all the emergency contact information .
hello , oh god , busy work .
ahh , get away , cretin .
yes , thank you .
i know where to sign .
last year they were out of order , were not they pam ?
that is pretty good .
um , actually , I am sending ryan on a top secret mission .
tell her what it is .
is it a priority ?
oh i do not know , um , what if there is a tornado , pam ?
people 's leg are crushed under rubble .
`` please , would you be so kind a to call my wife ?
no , i can not because we do not have any emergency contact information because pam said it wa not a priority . '' think .
think with your head , pam .
that is the problem with being a bos is that when you are tough they resent you and when you are cool they walk all over you .
why do not you give me your contact information to start with , ok , what is your cell ?
this is michael jackson calling from wonderland .
calling from ... pick up .
this is mike tyson .
and this is more a ying-yang thing .
the 'michael ' all cursive , the 'scott ' all cap .
left brain , right brain .
or , duality of man .
yeah , yeah , i do not think that would happen .
because i would kick his as .
I have beaten up black belt .
you see , i used to run with a very tough crowd .
real , real bad people , I am just lucky i got out .
and after that , nobody ever messed with the 'damn rascal ' ever again .
you were a jet ?
yes , in theory , i have .
i just need to cross some t 's and dot some i 's .
alright , I am going to be in my office if anybody need me .
oh , wow , sleeper hold .
that is my rebuttal .
you are the weakest link .
I am friend with everybody in this office .
we are all best friend - i love everybody here .
but sometimes your best friend start coming into work late , and start having dentist appointment that are not dentist appointment .
and that is when it is nice to let them know that you can beat them up .
oh , queer ... eye .
that is a good show .
oh yeah , that would be kind of worthless because i know a ton of fourteen year old girl who can kick his as .
look , dwight is a wuss .
when we rented 'armageddon ' ... ... he cried at the end of it .
oh , bruce willis .
are they going to leave him on the asteroid ?
ok , here we go .
alright , come on .
i have not signed them , ok ?
um , pam , i hate to break this to you but dwight can not stop you from being mugged .
he is just not tough enough .
oh , i could beat up dwight .
i could murder him .
oh , so that is what they are saying ?
ok , alright , where is dwight ?
ok. watch out kelly , he might sucker punch you .
well , the offer , dwight , wa for one punch which i absorbed .
i had no idea that there would be a second punch .
look , if we were in a bar right now , there would be two punch : me punching you and you hitting the floor .
you are just lucky that we are at work right now .
no , they must have class .
look ... hey , toby .
I have got an idea : why do not you leave right now .
why do not you walk away from the room , 'kay ?
we will go at lunch .
pam , make an announcement .
that is japanese for california roll .
i think it is .
a guy told me about that .
on the street we did not have any rule .
maybe one - no kick to the groin , home for dinner .
what the hell wa that ?
alright , that is the way you want it .
play dirty , huh ?
ok , game on , man .
I am comin ' atcha man .
ok , purple belt , ok. i got him .
i got his pant .
dwight , you have ... no , you have something ... god , you look like such an idiot !
go on , i dare you to kick there again .
kick there again , i dare ya .
you can not see .
you can not see .
two point , three point , four point .
you talkin ' to me ?
you talkin ' to me ?
`` raging bull . '' pacino .
oh , i want that footage .
ah , i have to get back to work .
i have lot of work ... oh , oh check this out .
having lunch by the car .
let u play with him .
this 'll be hilarious .
oh , we are playing phone tag .
my emergency contact is todd packer .
do you know what the f. stand for ?
yeah ... uh , come in .
oh , hey karate kid .
the hillary swank version .
he is such a sore loser .
you heard , obviously , that i mopped the floor with him this afternoon .
you know what , um , do yourself a favor and just keep me a his contact and i will call the hospital .
cut out the middle man .
yeah , just throw them on the chair .
I will take it from here .
so , What are you up to this weekend ?
if you are doing anything crazy , give me a shout .
dwight , may i speak with you for a minute ?
well , you do not even have anyone to go home to , toby .
i know , but I have been carrying the load on my back all day , and if everybody would just chip in a little bit , it would might help me out .
what do you say ?
let u gangbang this thing and go home .
i have been testing you the entire day .
did you know that ?
and i am happy to say that you have passed .
so effective immediately i am promoting you from assistant to the regional manager to assistant regional manager .
i know , i know , i know , i would not be offering it if i did not think you could handle it .
no , no , title change only .
three month probationary period .
let u not tell anybody about this right now .
absolutely but not really .
i told dwight that there is honor in losing .
which , a we all know , is completely ridiculous , but there is , however , honor in making a loser feel better which is what i just did for dwight .
would i rather be feared or loved ?
i want people to be afraid of how much they love me .
and i think i proved that today at the dojo .
yeah , i do not think that would happen .
see , i used to run with a very tough crowd , street fighter type .
real , real bad people .
I am just lucky i got out .
i wa a bad as mo-fo .
stanley know what I am talking about .
I have never lost a fight .
no , that is not how i meant it .
shut up , dwight .
well , in my office , if you took off your shoe , it would be a sign of disrespect .
kind of a ying-yang .
oh , stretchin ' .
i like to stay tight .
do you have , do you have anything in , like , black ?
god , you look like such an idiot .
did you hear about the fight ?
well , it wa not much of a fight , actually .
i opened a big can of whoop-ass on him .
i went medieval on his heinie .
i do not tell you how to do your job , do i ?
he ... grow a pair , stanley .
there not going to downsize because i miss a lot of deadline .
that is not how business work , okay ?
yes , under my tutelage .
if you did not badger me with so many question , pam , i could be done with it by now .
wow , graph and chart , somebody is really been doing their homework .
look like usa today .
radisson just give out this vibe , `` oh , I am doing business at the radisson '' .
it is kind of snooty .
here is the thing .
chili 's is the new golf course .
it is where business happens .
i sent it in .
letter to the editor .
uh huh , uh huh .
ok , let u do this thing .
ok , probably going to go late tonight .
burning the midnight tequila .
so , i think you could all just take off now .
well ... no , no .
that would not be efficient .
actually , they just do not get very much work done when I am not here .
that is not true .
i know how to delegate , and they do more work done when I am not here .
the same amount of work is done , whether i am here or not .
hey , everybody , listen up .
this is what we are going to do .
you sit tight , until i return .
doe not matter , it is an order .
follow it blindly , mwahahaha , ok ?
uh , I will drive .
it is just a couple block away , so ... boy , you really do not know scranton , do you ?
you ever been to scranton , jan ?
dar de- dar de dar .
if she wa sitting across from you on a train and she wa not moving , you might think she wa dead .
we should come up with a signal of some sort .
well , in case one of u get into trouble , the other one can signal- well , i ... it could be either of u .
thought that wa you .
this is jan levinson-gould .
uh , jan , what happened ?
what uh- wow , you are kidding me !
do you want to talk about ?
when did this happen ?
ok. alright , after you .
i think we should share an awesome blossom , what do you say ?
want to , christian , blossom ?
ok , it is done .
actually , megan , may we have an awesome blossom , please , extra awesome ?
now it is done .
i heard a- very very funny joke the other day .
want to hear it ?
ok. just one joke .
ok. well , if it is just going to be one , i will think of a different joke .
umm ... let u see ... choo choo choo .
pam , it is michael .
i need you to go into my office and check some data for me .
not a good a you think .
oh ho ho , yea !
could you start that one from the beginning ?
first guy say `` well , I am an astronaut , so i drive a saturn '' .
and the second guy say , `` well , i am a pimp , so i drive a cheap escort '' .
and the third guy say `` i gotcha both beat , I am a proctologist , so i drive a brown probe '' .
be blah bop , be boo boo bop .
that is why i wanted a signal , between u , so that i would not have to just shout non-sense word .
that is her fault .
did somebody say `` baby back rib '' ?
i want my baby back , baby back , baby back chili 's baby back rib ... woo , well , this brings u to january truth or dare ?
tell u about your divorce .
oh , so you are not going to play ?
she is not playing .
she is not playing the game .
no , you were not stupid .
uh huh , kenneth road , born and raised .
spent my whole life right here in lackawanna county and i do not intend on movin ' .
i know this place .
i know how many hospital we have , i know how many school we have .
it is home , you know ?
i know the challenge this county 's up against .
here is the thing about those discount supplier .
they do not care .
they come in , they undercut everything , and they run u out of business , and then , once we are all gone , they jack up the price .
it , you know what , it really is .
well , corporate 's going to go ballistic , but , uh , you think we could jan ?
ok. where we going ?
going to the go go .
oh-ok. morning , pam .
no , nothing happened .
i-i swear , nothing happened .
what , I am , totally being serious .
a gentleman doe not kiss and tell , and neither do i. no , seriously , guy , I am not , i do not want to go into it at all .
it is off limit .
fine , i took her back to her hotel and we made out for a little while .
i mean she told me about her divorce , we talked for about five hour , she fell asleep on my arm .
uh , no , no , no gould .
this is none of your affair because she is your boss- and she is a woman .
she is a strong , soft , thoughtful , sexy woman .
and you know what ?
i do not think that i can sit here and let you talk about her that way without me defending her honor .
jan , i defend your honor .
i know we have to register a a consensual sexual relationship with hr .
my question : do i do it a the man ?
doe she do it a my superior ?
i do not know .
that lead to other issue that we may have in our relationship .
it is , uh , excuse me .
just talking about you .
ok. well , if it wa a mistake , it wa a wonderful mistake .
would you excuse me ?
no , i did not intentionally get you drunk .
this is just a fight .
this is just a first fight of many fight we are going to have .
wha-so-i do not understand , you want to see other people .
wh-why , ok , i think you are still a little bit drunk excuse me ?
i think you are , yes , why do not you just come back here , go to the hotel , have a few drink and-no , no .
i did not slip you something !
doctor david friendly 's egg yolk diet .
it is , it is kind of unique .
it is just , my diet the last couple month ha consisted mostly of egg yolk and cottage cheese .
and , um , what you do , you do not just have the egg yolk , it is not like a rocky thing .
you do like hard boiled egg and i got one a those melon ballers and i , it is just like a little ice cream scoop , and i just scoop out the middle of the egg and just pop it in my mouth .
i do not even , i do not even use a plate anymore .
uh , the first couple week i did , but you know what , boom , i keep a melon baller in my desk so if i have a hard boiled egg i know , i know !
but you know what ?
i know it sound ridiculous , it sound ridiculous , but you know what ?
dr. david friendly , he came up with this thing .
the guy , i think he wa like four hundred pound when he started , and he started with this ... i , well , the melon baller wa my idea .
not today , kevin .
can not be around carbs today .
you know what one loaf of bread would do to my ab ?
i have a conflict with that .
uh , i have a pajama party .
at the playboy mansion .
i can not get out of it !
I am hearing you , meeting confirmed .
would you like your confirmation number ?
please grab a pen , because i will only be repeating this once .
42897. ok. pam , could i see you in my office ?
pam , you are trustworthy- and a woman- and i want you to listen to a voicemail from my bos .
`` michael , it is january i guess i missed you .
I will , uh , be there this afternoon for performance review .
i hope it is understood that that will be our only topic of discussion .
see you soon . '' first impression ?
my bos is coming in today , the lovely jan levinson-gould will , well , no gould .
the gould ha been swack , divorced .
um , the awkward part is that this will be the first time that we will be seeing each other since , well , uh , it wa really nothing .
we just sort of got caught up in the moment .
the vulnerable divorcee give herself to the understanding , with rugged good-looks , office manager .
just , uh , she did not want it to continue for some reason .
it , we both , i did not want it , we both did not want it to continue .
um , when people say something is mutual , it never is .
but this wa mutual .
`` i guess i missed you . '' i guess i missed you .
so , she miss me ?
but then she go on to say `` that will be our only topic of discussion '' .
that doe not mean anything , those are just word .
ok. yeah , what , what ?
well , now I am in a terrible mood .
let u do your performance review- ah , why , that is great news ?
that , that , then why would , why would i not like that ?
oh , wow , wow .
alright , let u listen to that again .
`` michael , it is january i guess i missed you '' .
god , stanley , that is frickin ' brilliant .
how do you know that ?
did you learn that on the street ?
good work , stanley .
stanley in the house , everybody .
angela , your turn .
oh ; angela , you were totally satisfactory this year .
jan is calling me .
maybe it wa not so mutual after all .
to what do i owe this pleasure ?
well , hello to you , too .
um , yeah , i wa just um , i just wanted to get some closure on uh , what transpired between u at the meeting we had in the parking lot of the chili 's .
well , surely this uh , review is a formality because of what happened uh , at our meeting in the parking lot of chili 's .
been thinking about you .
um , i do not see how that is unprofessional .
yes , they are .
that is my girlfriend .
pam , i have idea on a daily basis .
i know i do .
i have a clear memory of telling people my idea .
um , is there any chance you wrote any of my idea down ?
a `` michael-idea '' folder ?
how 'bout the suggestion box ?
there is ton of idea in there .
the suggestion box that i put out , and people could be put in suggestion anonymously ?
maybe there is prize ?
why do not you find it and tell people to get theirs ... never mind , I will tell them .
yeah , uh , attention , please .
jan levinson 's coming , very soon , and so , we are going to have our weekly suggestion box meeting , so you can all get your constructive compliment in a.s.a.p .
what did i say ?
well , kelly , that wa neither constructive nor a compliment , so maybe you should stop criticizing my english and start making some suggestion .
hi , january how are you ?
good to see you .
ok. ok , why do not we just step into my office ?
we are going to go in here .
yep , right after you .
it is nice to see you .
I am a little confused .
because first it is all like kissy-kissy .
and then it is like all regret .
because `` oh , i regret that . '' but , `` wait , I am still going to call you . '' but , but , `` we are just going to talk business .
and i may come down and fire you if you do not do your job . '' but what were talking about when we first kissed ?
no , no , no , i finished all of that .
I am very fast .
I am not too fast .
not like wham-bam-thank ya madam .
but i do say thank ya madam .
but , I am , I am not like wham-bam .
not that there is anything wrong with wham-bam .
if it is consensual .
we are talking about office stuff .
can i ask you a question ?
this is a business question .
it is nothing personal , i promise .
are you wearing a new perfume today ?
well , you are wearing it at the office .
and it , I am sorry , but no offense , but it is really sexy .
i do not understand- hold on .
I am kind of in the middle of something .
i wish you would not interrupt .
i did not , not , not use those word .
no , it is in like ten minute .
why are we here ?
because i value your opinion .
now , i know a lot of do not think that i read your suggestion , but i do .
i just sift through them every week and i really look and scrutinize to see what you guy are writing .
um , so , let u , uh , just read some of these sucker .
number one : `` what should we do to prepare for y2k ? '' well , obviously this one got stuck in the box .
and , um , one down .
next suggestion : `` we need better outreach for employee fighting depression '' .
ok , alright , enough with the joke .
nobody in here is suffering from depression .
oh , ok , well , yeah , who wrote it ?
then it is a joke because there is nobody in here named tom .
oh , that guy ?
that guy wa weird .
alright , next suggestion .
arrr , dooby dooby do .
`` you need to do something about your b.of . '' ok , i do not know who this suggestion is meant for , but it is more of a personal suggestion and it is not an office suggestion .
far be it for me to use this a a platform to embarrass anybody .
well , toby , if by me you are inferring that i have b.of. , then i would say that is a very poor choice of word .
wa i , creed ? !
ok , well , you know what ?
i am implying is that when we are on an elevator together , i should maybe take the stair , because talk about stank .
not that i would ever say something like that in public , and i never have , and i never will .
i just think it is something that we should all be aware of .
now that we have learned this , let u continue .
see , this is good , we are learning and we are figuring some stuff out .
`` you need to do something about your coffee breath '' - ok. shut up , shut up , shut up , dwight , ok. i do not think you people are grasping the concept of the suggestion box .
yeah , is that hard for you ?
alright , well- I will work on that- let u keep going .
what do we have here ?
we have somebody is piece of gum .
somebody put a piece of gum in there .
this is not a , a garbage can , this is the future of our company .
this is not a place for gum .
i do not want to have to read these tomorrow .
uh , alright , next suggestion .
`` do not sl- '' , ok , that is blank do not , just put it- i do not understand why you are so upset .
let me ask you- ok , let me ask you this .
let me ask you something .
where did you get your outfit ?
i just do not understand why you have to pretend like nothing happened .
look- oh my god ... what do you want dwight ?
your performance ha been adequate .
you may leave ; goodbye .
you want to talk now , good ; ok , dwight , leave .
why on earth would we give you a raise ?
how do you get in ?
that is a serious offense .
a is toying with a man 's heart .
ok , third wheel , why do not you do that ?
that wa deer ! ?
oh , did not !
what do you say , jan ?
ok. you just , uh , clear your head .
that is from superman ?
wait , wait , wait , come , i just , i just want to know why ?
ok , so you are saying that there is a different time or place ?
well , ok , well never a in 'never ever ever ' , or never a in there is still a chance ?
i just want to know , from the horse 's mouth , what is the dealio ?
am i too short ?
i appreciate that , thank you .
no , i wa not , i did not cry- so my look have nothing to do with it ?
jan is not in a place where she feel she can have a relationship right now .
and it doe not matter how great a guy i am .
and that is all i needed ; I am good .
i can go home now .
hey , it is 12:20 ; where the hell 's dwight ?
never missed a day , my as .
so ... um , you are in accounting ... so , good , good , good .
something to work toward , being here more .
I am a big believer in people being here more .
`` i am not going to discus anything outside of dunder mifflin business , period . '' okay .
now , why would jan say she only want to talk business and then make it clear that she is on her period ?
god , i do not understand woman .
how about a clear signal , right ?
is that too much to ask ?
yes , it is .
yes , i did .
kind of , yeah .
over the shirt , my elbow , but ... um , yup , wait , yes .
no , there ... later there wa .
i did not , you know , it wa ... it wa dark , for one thing .
`` look on the supply shelf . '' what ?
all right , ryan , look on the supply shelf , would you ?
okay , field trip 's over .
could we please get back to this ?
all right , do not break any lands-speed record getting back , okay , stanley ?
all right , next suggestion .
`` do not ... '' okay , that is blank .
just ... well ... crystal .
you can ... okay , i think we are good .
hello , is this r. gould ?
my name is michael scott , i work at dunder mifflin .
i believe i work with your wife , ex-wife , january yeah , that is right , yes .
um ... i wa wondering if i could ask a personal question about her .
okay , well , could i ask anyway ?
well , I am just going to ask .
when you guy were dating wa she sort of easy to get and then really hard to get ?
yeah , that gould is a real interesting guy , a gem .
i can see why he and jan are no longer together .
if my conversation with him is any measure of their relationship , he wa verbally abusive , he wa curt .
he wa ... he had an inability to communicate , shall i say ?
he wa emotionally unavailable .
i do not know how she dealt with that a long a she did .
well , then , gould wa not kidding .
nothing , i just ... nothing .
no , i did not .
maybe i called him , i do not know .
i ... i did not do that .
i ... maybe he called me .
ex-husband , you have to let it go .
what is an office ?
is it a group of people ?
is it an idea ?
of course , yes .
is it a living organism ?
and any single cell organism ha to have a spine , and that is me .
but the spine is always controlled by a brain , and that is january but the brain need a heart , and that is me again .
the heart is smarter than the brain .
but the brain is so effing hot .
it is friday morning and it is another beautiful day in scranton , pennsylvania .
pick up , pick up , pick up , pick up .
oh , we have a serious problem here .
alright everybody , lock the door , turn off the light .
pretend you are not here .
there is no time to think about if this is real .
just , shh , everybody .
the it tech guy and me did not get off to a great start .
yeah , i tried to install it myself , but , uh , you guy have these thing so password-protected ... oh ... oh , umm ... yes .
please do not do that .
i can not tell you .
i do not have to tell you anything .
dwight , nothing is going to happen to me , ok ?
I am in the best shape of my life .
I am not going get a brain- stop it .
uh , oh , ok ; if i step on a mine in scranton , pennsylvania , and die , you can have my job , ok ?
why do not you just go ... away ?
there are certain thing a bos doe not share with his employee .
his salary , that would depress them .
his bed , it -- and i am not going to tell them that I will be reading their e-mail .
so how do you search ?
try `` profit '' .
try `` michael scott '' .
`` michael '' `` bos '' and `` funny '' .
type ; result pop up ] oh my god , wow !
stanley , terribly nice guy .
`` sorry i did not write back sooner ; i can not go to the game tonight because my bos michael is an as and making me stay late . '' well , stanley 's an as .
not one of our harder worker .
oh , no , everybody ; oscar 's gone crazy !
what other ghost story do you have for u ?
that I am a robot ?
i will destroy everything in my path- beep !
that defeat the whole purpose .
you know what the problem is ?
the problem is that when people hear the term `` big brother '' , they immediately think it is scary or bad , but i do not .
i think , wow , i love my big brother .
meredith ha an e-vite from jim .
barbeque at jim 's tonight .
wonder where my e-vitation is .
click on guest list .
angela , stanley , oscar , meredith , phyllis , kevin , creed .
there is always a distance between a bos and the employee .
it is just nature 's rule .
it is intimidation mostly , it is the awareness that they are not me .
i do think that i am very approachable , a one of the guy .
but maybe i need to be even approachabler .
hangin ' with my crew , crew that i am one of .
hangin ' with my cup of noodle .
this is a meal in a cup .
reminds me of college .
lived on this stuff .
mmmm ... you know what i really , really miss about college ?
the athlete , the , the nerd , professor .
they were the most fun .
we always invited them .
almost quittin ' time .
take care of anything you forgot to do .
hey , you know , i do not know if you have any plan tonight , but if ya do not , we could hang out .
i do , too .
i do , too .
i do , yeah .
tonight , i can not do it tonight , no .
improv class , i have improv class , hanging out with my improv buds- yeah .
it is the best .
it is the best .
i would not miss it for the world .
but if something else came up , i would definitely not go .
do you need me to walk to your vehicular transport ?
oscar , got big plan tonight with- kevin , big man , big man , what are you doing tonight ?
where are you off to ?
hey , angela , rushy , rushy .
where you rushin ' off to ?
yeah , well duh .
you are a liar .
dwight , oh ho , dwight , dwight , my loyal compadre .
you and i are hangin ' tonight .
the two of u .
we are celebrating our freedom and our manhood .
why do not we watch that show that you have been wanting to watch , that stupid battleship galaxy .
that is , whatever stupid show you want- to watch tonight we are watching it .
i did not know you played soccer , dwight .
you , too , dwight ?
ooo ooo ooo ooo , mr. cart-air , mr. cart-air .
I am with the fbi .
think about this ; what is the most exciting thing that can happen , on tv , or in movie , or in real life ?
somebody ha a gun .
that is why i always start with a gun , because you can not top it , you just can not .
michael scoon , fbi .
you know what you did .
yeah , you thought that you could get away with your little ruse , did not you ?
did not ya ! ?
well , you did not , because i know where ya hid the diamond .
i been on to you and your little friend for week .
why well , if you had not stopped the scene , you would have seen where it wa going .
i could of- ok. yehhhehh .
no , no , no .
I am looking in my wallet for money so you can tell me my fortune .
what are you ... nothing .
good , it is good .
good work , everybody .
so bernie 's , huh ?
we are all going to bernie 's ?
go to bernie 's ?
right , right , right .
well guy , I would love to go to bernie 's with you , but , you know , i have an office party .
a big office party i need to go to , so ... can not get out of it .
ok , see you later .
nice job , bill .
who opened the morgue for this thing ?
I am just driving by , thought I would drop in .
there is some wine .
i would love a glass , if you are going to open it .
here ya go temp , take my jacket ! ]
oh , come on !
he is a good guy , not a terrorist .
karaoke , i love it !
i am a karaoke fiend .
i got next , i got next up .
come on , let u get this party started , ha !
where is that wine ?
ok , yeah , this is a duet , so , need somebody else , pam ?
you want to come up and sing this one ?
baby when i met you there wa peace unknown .
tried to get you with a fine tooth comb .
i wa soft inside , there wa something going on .
this part go to the , uh , girl .
you do something to me that i can not explain .
hold me closer and i feel no pain .
in every beat of my heart , we got something going on .
tender love is blind -- we are making love !
funny story : the way that i got into improv wa , i got into improv .
the story about me getting into improv wa that i wa walking down the street , and a race car pull up , and the guy say `` hey you are funny , you are the funniest guy I have ever seen , or my name is not dale earnhardt . '' and that wa an improv .
um , the real way is that i found a flyer .
um ... nope , nope .
i actually wear a turban sometimes .
want to see it ?
got it right here .
comedy ; it is funny .
it is johnny carson , karnak .
it is , um , put it back .
huhhhh , did you have johnny carson in your land ?
alright , I am going to , uhh , get a cup of coffee .
do you want some coffee er- or some tea or hummus or something ?
should have done this a long time ago .
ton of personal e-mail , huge time waster .
uh , uh huh .
wow , like kevin , rating the best bar in scranton ?
poor richard 's number seven ?
yeah , I am busy right now .
here is a helpful suggestion for jim .
jim , instead of e-mailing amazon , to try and get that cd that you did not receive , i suggest that you go to visa and tell them to cancel the charge .
it is seems like ya did though- jim .
lot of e-mail to amazon , lot of wasted computer space .
alright , let u get back to work .
ooo , bleh bleh bleh .
i do not know .
just felt like taking it off .
man , work can be just so damn frustrating do not ya think , jim ?
i do not know , same old stuff .
bos just been ridin ' my as .
i do not want to talk about it .
i just want to hang out , just be one of the guy .
that is not the point .
ok. ok yes , i would never do that .
no , this is completely the time , this is perfect time .
this is just guy gently ribbing each other , it is what it is all about , just hangin ' out .
enjoying friend , all being the same .
no , just bee , just bee hanging out , buzzing around .
I am not a master bee .
I am just a bee , dwight , ok , just a bee , just buzzin ' .
five of the clock .
time to go get my improv on .
little bit of the comedy juice .
alright , see if you can guess what this is .
that is a dinosaur getting ready to go to improv class .
just a taste of the improv .
i need to know ... who shot johnson !
i have a right mind to shoot you right in the head .
i do not want to hear anything more from you .
not with michael scarn , fbi .
michael scarn doe not make deal .
michael scarn shoot and then asks question later .
she wa kind of tripping me up , because she wa , um , i wa trying to get something going , when i wa over her with the gun , and she like kept changing the story .
well , you kept- going into nuclear something ; that is not where the scene wa going .
well , it go , it go in the best direction , and that wa not the best direction .
well , he , michael scarn , that character , order people around , and that is , you should of just gone- well ... i do not think there is any stronger choice than being a really strong character .
well , it is , like , well , it is , you know , when refine it , refine a character down to it essence , that is ... exactly , thank you .
or ryan stile , something like that .
you should not have been , because you were dealing with michael scarn .
that wa exactly what i wa hoping to achieve , so that is probably the best thing you could have said , that is a compliment .
I will just throw out some suggestion .
they are in a whorehouse .
and he is a proctologist .
first sentence is : `` I am a proctologist '' .
alright , I am ready here .
no , no , turn it around .
you will break it .
do not break the branch , dwight .
well , suck it up .
we all have problem .
hey , everybody , look what we have !
big , one , two , three .
a , that is what she said , and b , i wanted it to be impressive .
the biggest day of the year deserves the biggest tree of the year .
well , that is a perfectly good mini-tree , kevin .
and we are going to sell that to charity .
that is what christmas is all about .
ho , ho , ho , pimp .
what do we got , what do we got ?
how many plate are we getting ?
it wa a tough year .
i had to fire somebody this year .
this party ha to really rock .
i got this for helping save the company money .
so i guess some good came out of firing devon after all .
maybe i should call him and tell him that .
i want people to cut loose .
i want people making out in closet .
i want people hanging from the ceiling , lamp shade on the head .
i want it to be a playboy mansion party .
and also , i want you to spread the word that i will have my digital camera .
and I will be taking picture all along the way .
and the best and craziest thing that happens will be on the cover of the newsletter .
yeah , i know .
stupid corporate wet blanket .
like booze ever killed anybody .
you want to be santa ?
have you ever seen santa ?
well , I am sorry .
it just doe not work .
that make sense because he ha elfish feature .
you get something good this year ?
who did you have ?
i think i got something pretty nice for my guy .
i spent a lot of dough .
i wanted this party to be really special so i sorta went above and beyond .
all right , let u count it down , like rockefeller center .
shake it off , everybody .
just , let u do secret santa .
present are the best way to show someone how much you care .
it is like this tangible thing that you can point to and say , `` hey , man , i love you this many dollar worth . '' no , do not !
somebody really got carried away with the spirit of christmas .
that wa me , i got a little carried away .
you do not know that .
okay , well , who care ?
it doe not matter what i spent .
what matter is that christmas is fun , right ?
oh hey , for me .
what is in here ?
oh , come on .
so phyllis is basically saying , `` hey michael , i know you did a lot to help the office this year but i only care about you a homemade oven mitt 's worth . '' i gave ryan an ipod .
we are going to turn secret santa into yankee swap .
one person chooses a gift .
the next person can either choose a gift or steal that person 's gift .
if your gift get stolen , then you can steal somebody else 's gift or choose a new gift .
well , i call it fun !
because it is better .
because it is more special .
no , it is not .
okay , just give it a shot .
okay , meredith is up first .
here is the deal .
you can either pick a new gift or you can steal somebody else 's gift that they have already gotten , like the oven mitt .
that is what make it fun .
pam , you can steal the oven mitt now .
i think this is going great .
everyone want the ipod .
it is a huge hit .
it is almost a christmas miracle .
oh , well , oscar , you little gourmand , you have the next turn .
i hope nobody take this baby , because this is great .
wow , look at that fine craftsmanship .
somebody really put a lot of work into that .
see , i wanted somebody to take it .
reverse psychology is an awesome tool .
i do not know if you guy know about it , but basically you make someone think the opposite of what you believe and that trick them into doing something stupid .
work like a charm .
`` in addition to these paintball pellet , your gift includes two paintball lesson with dwight schrute . '' who want to take paintball lesson ?
how is that better than an ipod ?
what is she so upset about ?
i think that yankee swap wa a big hit !
i think it is a success and I am the one who ended up with dwight 's stupid paintball pellet .
well , i did not .
i got a big bonus because i fired devon , and i used the money to buy something awesome .
it wa not that much .
it wa $ 3,000 .
i do the nicest thing that anyone ha ever done for these people and they freak out .
well , happy birthday , jesus .
sorry your party 's so lame .
all right , now , you are the expert .
is this enough to get 20 people plastered ?
look like santa wa a little naughty .
this is christmas spirit , a in spirit , booze .
zip it , toby !
just .. i mean , it is a party .
if i can not throw a good party for my employee , then i am a terrible bos .
who want a drink ?
go , here we go !
anybody making out in here ?
not yet , give it time .
oh , hey , ebenezer , boink .
okay , how is it going in here ?
no , no , no , no .
we will find some , do not leave the party .
kudos to ryan , king of the party committee .
yeah , yeah , yeah .
oh , no , no .
no false modesty , my friend .
and if it could not go to ryan , you are the guy I would want it to go to .
oh , you are kidding me .
todd packer , lady and gentleman !
oh , no , no .
oh look at that .
icing on the cake .
oh , let u fix you up .
who want to fix up .. toby .
toby 's going to fix you up .
no , no , no , no .
i really , really want you to have it .
hey , merry christmas .
yeah , that sound good .
first of all , you get to spend time with people you love .
secondly , you can get drunk and no one can say anything .
third , you give present .
what is better than giving present ?
and fourth , getting present .
so , four thing .
not bad for one day .
it is really the greatest day of all time .
heading over to poor richard 's ?
cool , cool , cool .
do you need a ride ?
all right , let u head out .
do you have a coat ?
phyllis and angela and meredith are helper .
i guess angela 's kind of ... angela 's little .
phyllis and meredith are not little .
pam is sort of a medium helper .
dwight is ... dwight look like spock to me .
he always wear the ear , and i always give him grief about looking like spock , and he hate it because he ha a different pair of ear that he wear to be spock , for some reason .
well , thank god you did not steal my oven mitt .
and oscar , you little gourmand , your turn .
like anybody would want an oven mitt .
see , that is what christmas is all about to me , is when you see someone open a gift and you think , `` man , i wish i got that . '' i mean , that is just such a great feeling , to watch other people envying a gift that you gave to somebody else .
i do not know , it is just ... i do not know , just make you kind of feel good .
banana fana fo fanley .
be my mo manley .
the suspense is just so exciting , is not it ?
maybe , i do not know .
but ... okay , do not spoil it for everybody , all right ?
but we are going on a booze cruise on lake wallenpaupack .
this is not just another party .
this is a leadership training exercise .
I am going to combine element of fun and motivation and education into a single mind-blowing experience .
it is now time to unveil the destination of this year 's retreat .
we are going on a harbor cruise of lake wallenpaupack .
it is a booze cruise !
but do not worry , you know what ?
you are going to learn plenty .
this is going to turn your life around , ryan .
well , this ... yeah ?
to throw you off the scent .
well , just keep the tag on and you can return it .
well , that is not my fault , okay ?
just .. we are not going to pay for a bathing suit .
okay , i know what you are all thinking , `` who is this smart little cookie ? '' her name is brenda ... something , and she is from corporate .
and she is here , like you , to learn from what i have to say .
i am a great motivational speaker .
i attended a tony robbins event by the airport last year , and ... it wa not the actual course .
you have to pay for the actual course .
but it talked about the actual course .
and I have incorporated a lot of his idea into my own course .
the word `` ship '' is hidden inside the word `` leadership , '' a it derivation .
so if this office is , in fact , a ship , a it leader , i am the captain .
but we are all in the same boat .
now , on this ship that is the office , what is a sale department ?
yes , darryl , the sale department make sale .
let me just explain .
i see the sale department a the furnace .
all right , let u not get hung up on the furnace .
this just ... it is the sale ... i see the sale department down there .
they are in the engine room , and they are shoveling coal into the furnace , right ?
i mean , who saw the movie titanic ?
they were very important in the movie titanic .
no , I am leo dicaprio !
thank you , spoiler alert .
you saw the movie , those of you who did .
they are happy down there in the furnace room .
and they are dirty and grimy and sweaty , and they are singing their ethnic song , and ... actually , that might be warehouse .
the ... no , no .
no , i did not ... okay .
well , okay , in a nutshell , what I am saying is ... leadership .
we will talk more about that on the boat .
a three-hour tour , a three-hour tour .
pam , you are mary ann !
we have the professor and ginger , welcome aboard .
angela , you are mrs. howell .
uh ... the native .
sometimes they come from neighboring ... we have one of the globetrotter , i am the skipper , and dwight , you will be gilligan .
I would rather die .
hi , i am michael scott , i am the captain of this party .
in an office , when you are ranking people , manager is higher than captain .
on a boat , who know ?
I am king of the world !
and i am the regional manager of dunder-mifflin , michael scott .
but do not worry , you are not going to be needing life preserver tonight .
I am your party captain too !
and you are going to put on your dancing shoe later on !
so we are going to ... rock it !
if the boat 's a-rockin ' , do not come knockin ' !
we are all going to have a good time tonight !
well , that is what scranton is all about .
not like you new yawkers .
well , we already sort of started it back at the office and on the dock with the gilligan thing , so ... right now , i wa thinking .
okay , listen up all you dunder-mifflinites !
i would like to talk to you all about life preserver .
now , one important life preserver in business is it support .
but before that , i have to do my presentation .
all right , we will have a motivational dance contest !
yeah , okay , dancing !
it is a primal art form used in ancient time to express yourself with the body and communicate !
sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of bos that is always trying to teach people thing .
sometimes you have to just be the bos of dancing .
see , this is of general interest .
it is about priority and making decision , using the boat a an analogy .
what is important to you ?
if the boat is sinking , what do you save ?
salesman and profit center .
okay , well , obviously you do not know anything about leadership .
not what i wa looking for , but a good thought .
i do not want to take credit for this , but roy and i were just having a conversation about making commitment and making choice .
did i motivate you ?
well ... could have been either one of u , because we were pretty much saying the same thing .
i can marry you a regional manager of dunder-mifflin !
then I will give you away !
captain jack is a fart face .
I am on medication .
it is time to be bos .
it is time to motivate .
let u blow some mind here .
okay , guy , guy , cool it .
everybody , dunder-mifflin scranton employee , brenda , i have some very , very urgent news i need to tell everybody right now .
the ship is sinking !
we are going down , right now .
just wrap your head around the reality of that .
everybody , it is my turn now , okay ?
captain jack is gone .
in five minute , this ship is going to be at the bottom of the lake !
and there are not enough space on the lifeboat !
who are we going to save ?
do we save sale ?
do we save customer service ?
do we save accounting ?
this is a business scenario .
it is a scary ... it is a ... it is a predicament , and it is something that each and every one of u ha to think about .
I am in the brig .
the boat 's not a corporate-friendly a advertised .
what wa the deal with the guy jumping overboard ?
what wa ... if he had just waited and heard what i had to say , he would be motivated right now and not all wet .
captain jack ha a problem with authority .
he just totally lost it .
if you ask me , he caused the panic .
well , it is nice for you .
your friend got engaged .
roy said the first one did not count .
you are kidding me .
i would have never have put you two together .
you really hid it well .
i usually have a radar for stuff like that .
you know , i made out with january .. yeah ?
well , pam is cute .
well , if you like her so much , do not give up .
engaged are not married .
never , ever , ever give up .
it is a fake wheel , dummy .
of course , yeah , yeah , yeah .
oh , every man 's dream .
two lady at once .
why are you looking at me like that ?
okay , you heard something .
um , yeah , it is a booze cruise , but it ... there is more to the story than that .
it ... leadership off-site .
uh , booze cruise is just a rhyme ... yeah , i do not even know why i said booze cruise .
i do not even think there is booze on the boat .
of course , of course .
look , i have a whole program planned .
jan , this program is going to change people 's life .
i am going to be dropping serious knowledge all over the boat .
and maybe you could attend tonight and then you could stay over at my house for the night .
that is ... you know what .
brenda , could jan and i have a moment alone ?
you seriously said that ?
brenda , could jan and i have a moment alone ?
I will see you later .
I will call you later .
that is like ... I will call you , too .
you are probably going to get carded , so i can make you a fake id .
we have a laminating machine .
I am not giving you the answer .
deck hand is one .
and ... no , I am first mate .
you are second mate .
I am first mate , a the captain .
well , the anchor is the only thing that kind of slows the ship down .
toby is the anchor .
he , well ... tell you about toby later , he is awful .
oh , hey , toby .
so ... it is an analogy .
no , no , no .
that is his punishment for not being here on time .
too bad , anchor !
your problem now , captain jack .
you are going to get seasick if you keep reading in here .
that is a great way to kill this party .
not on my watch .
let u , uh , ... let u rock .
let u rock some stuff here , okay ?
okay ... I am hearing a little too much reverb .
can we down the reverb ?
doe you guy know that ?
i do not think it is in ... that is not in tune .
i do not know if you can ... ... make much of out of it , creed .
good luck to you .
i do not know .
it is a defective ax , my friend .
those slide move are just bush league .
i hope i die before I am old .
that is my line !
that is my line , that is ... i always say that at wedding .
so I will just think of something else to say .
i need help right now .
I am hurt , i have hurt myself .
ungh , this is not looking good pam !
no , i want you to pick me up .
i hurt my foot .
i want to come to work .
but i need you to come and pick me up .
ok , buhhhh , i burned my foot very badly on my foreman grill and i now need someone to come and bring me into work .
i enjoy having breakfast in bed .
i like waking up to the smell of bacon , sue me .
and since i do not have a butler , i have to do it myself .
so , most night before i go to bed , i will lay six strip of bacon out on my george foreman grill .
then i go to sleep .
when i wake up , i plug in the grill , i go back to sleep again .
then i wake up to the smell of crackling bacon .
it is delicious , it is good for me .
it is the perfect way to start the day .
today i got up , i stepped onto the grill and it clamped down on my foot ... that is it .
i do not see what is so hard to believe about that .
pam , could you come get me ? !
ok , could someone come and get me please , ryan ?
there is no toilet paper here .
could ryan ... tell ryan to bring toilet paper .
could you tell them that ?
i tried hopping , kevin , and i bumped my elbow against the wall and now my elbow ha a protruberance .
no one want to pick me up ! ?
I am not sick !
do not ... is that dwight ?
i do not want dwight .
i do not want dwight !
i do not have a girlfriend .
it wa all made up .
just someone come , ok ?
... please do not send dwight !
do not freak out .
i forbid anybody to freak out .
clearly , i have had a very serious accident , but i will recover , god willing .
i just want to be treated normally today .
normal would actually be good , considering the trauma that I have been through .
did you explain why ?
burned my foot , pam .
please stop popping my cast .
so where are you shipping ... thank you .
pam , message please ?
really , well , it , uh , seemed very important to you earlier that you needed to stay and ... no , your job is being my friend , pam .
i do not want any special treatment , pam .
i just want you to treat me like you would some family member who is undergone some sort of serious physical trauma .
i do not think that is too much to ask .
no , i do not want some aspirin , yeah I am a little fussy .
aspirin 's not going to do a damn thing .
I am sitting here with a bloody stump of a foot .
part of your duty are to what ?
you just said `` part of your duty are to '' something .
yes , you did .
what is wrong with you ?
where is my cornbread ?
did you get all dark meat like i like ?
where are the yam ?
did you go to the one in stroudsburg ?
and they had no yam ?
because they always have yam .
pam ... paaam ! ?
i want you to rub butter on my foot .
i have country crock .
... ryaaaaan ... ryyyyan !
no , nope , no one is helping me out at all mom .
no , I am not going to call january she would just worry ... drive down here and make a big thing ... who told you that ?
no , it wa mutual .
what is pam doing chatting with you ?
awww , help , help me !
i fell off the toilet .
I am caught between the toilet and the wall .
ugh , not you .
he need to lift me .
and he need to clean me up a little bit .
bring a wet towel .
no , he is not .
i just saw him .
ugh , forget it .
I will just get up myself .
can i have everyone is attention please ?
phyllis , oscar , ryan , who is supposed to be dead , can i ask you all a question ?
do you all know what it is like to be disabled ?
no , never heard of it .
no , a < i > real < /i > disability , not a woman 's trouble .
wuh , how , how old are you ?
look , the point is , i am the only one here who ha a legitimate disability , although I am sure stanley ha had his fair share of obstacle .
ok , what doe this look like to you stanley ? !
shuuut it , ok , well , well you know what , disability are not thing to be laughed at or laughed about .
you people are jerk .
imagine if you had left stevie wonder on the floor of that bathroom instead of me .
i burned my foot ! ! !
ok , twenty minute , conference room , everybody 's in there !
while we are waiting for our special guest to arrive , i wanted you all to take a look at a few of the many , many disabled icon who have contributed so much to our society .
forrest gump : mentally challenged , philadelphia : aid .
i do not think so , no .
he grew into a man overnight .
rare disability , still work .
a crossword puzzle stanley , seriously , are you learning nothing here ?
what you mean uh hmmm ... ?
ok. yes , right in here , come on in .
this , lady and gentleman , is our special guest .
you are so brave .
you are so brave .
but it is hard for you !
because you are in a wheelchair .
let me ask you something , how long doe it take for you to do something simple , every day , like brush your teeth in the morning ?
oh my god , that is three time a long a it take me .
how did you get in your wheelchair ?
hey , hey , hey , not funny !
well , that is good , he still ha a sense of humor .
well they notice it .
it is the first thing you saw when he rolled in here , is not it ?
ok ... ignore him .
we are not that different , you and i. when i clamped my foot into a non-stick ... yeah ... ok. did you see born on the fourth of july ?
i wa under the impression that billy would be more like that guy .
look at you , and with the plate and the napkin .
thank you , ryan .
did you get the yam ?
ok , I will just have the pudding .
ryan brought me some chocolate pudding and his kindness healed my foot .
yeah , baby , i am feelin ' better .
my body 's literally healing itself .
it is amazing what the human body is capable of when you have a powerful brain .
uh , finally feel the blood coursing through my foot vein .
oh , now you feel some compassion for him .
why do not you go with him ?
i can not take you , i do not have my car and yours is all vomity .
oh , ok , that is , great .
no , i can not drive .
jim why do not you drive .
I am still recovering .
so let u just , ryan , could you get my coat please .
the rule of shotgun are very simple and very clear .
the first person to shout `` shotgun '' when you are within the sight of the car get the front seat .
that is how the game 's played .
there are no exception for someone with a concussion .
oh , god , a mini-van .
what is meredith 's problem ?
well , yeah she ha one kid , no husband .
she is not going to find one driving this thing around .
oh , god , I am so sick of chuck e. cheese .
i know , just sayin ' .
dwight , what are you drinking ?
give it to me .
dwight ... you just keep your eye on the road .
give me the bottle or you are fired .
give it to me dwight .
give me the bottle ! !
give me the bottle , dwight !
stop , stop it !
give me the bottle !
give me the bottle !
dwight , what is your middle name .
something with a `` k '' .
what do i write under `` reason for visit '' ?
i wrote `` bringing someone to the hospital '' .
no ... you know what jim , this is not about me anymore .
i made a miraculous recovery , which is more than i can say for him .
doctor , what is more serious , a head injury or a foot injury ?
well , you do not have all the information .
the foot a been fairly severely burned and healed quickly , very quickly , actually like suspiciously quickly .
look since you have the machine up and running , can i just stick my foot , we take a look ?
ok , what kind of machine is that ?
that is my joke , damnit dwight .
it is ok , they are with me .
alright , well , i guess this is where we leave you off .
uh , well you should of thought of before you crashed your head on your way to pick me up .
we will , see you when you get out .
uh , that is what she said .
see , have not lost my sense of humor .
no , no need , it wa a non-stick grill .
right , I am going to spend the day in the hospital , bujehh .
yes , so , no thank you .
wow , i do not want to hear ... you talk .
pam , could i have a word with you in my office ?
oh , oh , oh .
yeah , I have been sayin that .
did you know i used to be in hr ?
i used to be in hr .
i wa a hell raiser .
What are you got , What are you got ?
alright , panic room , maverick , nell , sommersby , the accused .
where is little man tate ?
it is not a jodie foster afternoon without little man tate , buddy .
no , I am not calling your weirdo cousin .
twenty-seven year old , never left the beet farm .
ok , I will stand near you .
shh shh shh shh .
ah , ah , ah , what ?
where is the funny ?
give it to me .
oh , oh , wow !
i walked right into that .
oh , that is brilliant !
hey , stanley , is that jacket make of up-dog ?
mmm , what flavour coffee is that ?
i do not know , nothing , what is up with you ?
no , damn it !
what doe what mean ?
hey is it me or doe this place smell like up-dog ?
nothing how ya doing ?
today is spring cleaning day here at dunder mifflin .
and yes i know it january .
i am not an idiot .
but , if you do your spring cleaning in january ; guess what you do not have to do in the spring ?
they say a cluttered desk mean a cluttered mind .
well i say that an empty desk mean a ... no , that is not ... no , that is not what i wa going to say .
i will do all the talking .
what difference doe it make whether your here ?
hi , oscar it michael .
yechh , yeah , um , heard you were under the weather ?
oh , that is a shame .
you know it is cleaning day here today ?
could have used some of that famous hispanic cleaning ethic .
what are your symptom ?
i need you to go back to bed .
i need you to get better .
unless you are still sick .
so have a great long weekend .
that is exactly what i wa thinking .
drop what you are doing .
make this a priority .
because an office can not function efficiently unless people are at their desk doing their job .
why do not you wear your hair like that all the time .
it is much sexier .
man , this must be torture for you .
jim and i are great friend .
we hang out a ton , mostly at work .
but , the fact that he told me his secret and no one else know say everything about our friendship .
and it is why , i intend on keeping that secret for a long a i possibly can .
my lip are sealed .
my lip are sealed ... bangle .
can you hear me , they talk about u ... hey , What are you gettin ' ?
ah , good stuff , good stuff .
did you see the game last night ?
so , uh , what is the 411 ?
any news on the `` p '' situation ?
p-a-m. p-a no it is okay , we are talking code .
how long doe it take you to pick out a soda ?
alright , well , cool .
you are going to hate it .
fact : i love grape soda .
fact : jim and i talk all the time .
we tell each other secret .
um , i do not know , yeah , yeah , yeah it is .
that wa , that wa slick .
what are you doing for lunch ?
oh nonsense , no way , no .
why do not , why do not i take you out to lunch ?
hey you know what we could do ?
we could spread out a blanket in the break room .
have a little picnic order some 'za .
talk about you know who .
i know just he place .
oh man , you should order milk .
why do i like hooter ?
well i will give you two reason , the boob and the hot wing .
oh , here we go , here we go .
bogy at 3 of the clock .
we are not worthy .
we are not worthy .
hello dana , i am michael and this is jim and we are brother .
I am his bos actually .
and i treat him well .
I am taking him out to lunch because i can afford it and he can have whatever he want .
tell me dana , how is your chicken breast ?
mmmm , sound yummy .
i will have a chicken breast hold the chicken .
no , I am going to have the gourmet hot dog .
what do you like best about pam ?
is it her boob , or ... really ?
never get 's any of my joke .
her boob , definitely .
oh , thank you .
ohhh happy birthday jim !
thank you very much .
just go to his house and see if he is sick .
i could have done this investigation in like twenty minute .
it is ... i wear it like that sometimes .
is that a wig ?
yeah , it is a business lunch .
no he did not .
i do not need his permission .
uhhh it is ridiculous .
they took my card away because i spent $ 80 buck at a magic shop .
what they do not understand is that i bought the stuff to impress potential client .
so business related , right ?
i put a cigarette through a freakin ' quarter .
and you know what toby ?
they almost bought from u .
look jim needed a relaxing lunch , he ha been depressed and it ha been affecting his productivity .
how is that not work related ?
you are not his friend , you do not know .
he is in love with a girl he work with who is engaged .
so just cut me some slack .
you know what kevin ?
jim is a friend of mine , so the only people that this crush really concern is jim and pam ... and me .
i know , i know , i know .
i , oh , just , um , i know i wa trying to , expense report .
and then god , toby , you know he just ... i know .
I am just , i just hope that , i just hope that this doe not affect our friendship !
stupid , this is so stupid .
ok , I am fine , no i know , I am good , I am good , it is just .
yeah I am good .
yeah I am fine .
look , about you and jim .
no , i feel it is my responsibility a your bos slash friend .
it wa not that long ago .
it wa on the booze cruise .
yehhh , okay , shuuttt it michael .
people are always coming to me .
`` michael , i have a secret .
your the only one i trust . '' no thanks , because keeping a secret can only lead to trouble .
like i wa watching cinemax last weekend .
this movie , portrait of a ... prostitute something .
secret of a call ... more secret of a call girl .
and the lead character , shila , is framed for murder .
she go on the run and wind up working at a bordello in malibu .
i do not , i do not want to live like that .
i like it here .
i do not want to be shila , i like being michael scott .
oh , pam with the dirty talk .
no , he meant to put it right next to the hole , that is much harder to do .
no , no , no , no .
i do not want to chip my mug .
please get that off the floor .
jack nicholson for birdie .
it is a celebrity tournament .
do you see it ?
do you feel it ?
god ... damn it , dwight !
that will not be necessary .
no , i am the king bee , no , king is higher .
i am the ace bee .
i will finish that later .
yeah , i know when it is from , ryan .
here you go buddy , happy birthday .
no , no , no , no .
i have the long sleeve .
and actually , you know what we should do ?
we should wear them tomorrow to work , it will be hysterical .
you would better try it on , make sure it fit .
how wa your vacation ?
did you get lucky ?
what happened in there ?
there is stink in there , my god !
what is ... what is that ?
is it a bird ?
how could that happen ?
how could ... right in the middle of the carpet .
um , somebody vomited right in the middle of the carpet in my office .
do not be a wuss , just get ... no , I am not holding your coffee .
no , just tell me what it is .
i can not believe a pipe burst and left that in there .
how do you know that ?
what is it , then ?
i am a big fear factor fan .
I am a big fan of anything joe rogan doe , actually , so this is sort of like my audition tape .
um ... i can not stand it , i can not stay in here another second .
i thought that we would be desk buddy while they changed my carpet .
oh ... it is ... yeah ... no , no , no !
seriously , i do not mind sharing .
yeah , yeah , yeah .
do not ape me .
the pressure of my office are insane .
i just ... you could not understand , but man , you guy have it so easy out here , you know ?
i used to sit right here .
ed truck wa the manager before me .
it wa like , `` oh , ed truck is walking toward u .
start pretending to do work . '' what a jerk .
he is ... you know what ?
i swore to myself that if i ever got to walk around the room a manager , people would laugh when they saw me coming and would applaud a i walked away .
you know who used to sit at that desk ?
he wa , but , uh ... that desk wa empty .
he would come in and sit there sometimes .
when i wa in training , many year ago ... not so long ago ... i worked side-by-side with a fellow named todd packer , and together we rocked the office .
packer and i once spent the whole day with our pant off , and when people noticed , we convinced them that < i > they < /i > were crazy .
i will gladly pay you tuesday for a hamburger today .
oh , a customer , well , sound the alarm .
another time , packer held this guy 's head in the toilet for like a minute .
guy had no sense of humor about it .
probably why he wa not hired .
once , a a joke , packer banged every chick in the office .
let u send up accounting .
oh ho ho no , no , no , no .
we do not do that .
we do not do that .
watch out , pam .
why would somebody ruin a perfectly good carpet ?
i do not know .
it could be done out of hate .
it could be done out of love .
it could be completely neutral .
maybe somebody hate the cleaning lady .
and , well , she doe not do a very good job , obviously , because my office still reek like you would not believe .
i am beginning to think that what happened to my carpet wa an act of terrorism against the office .
the only thing that make any sense .
I am just walking around .
oh , and I am not ?
why would you say that ?
because I am having fun ?
you guy just are workin ' for the weekend , are not you ?
I am workin ' for the week .
sale team , listen to me .
this is what we are going to do .
I am going to up the ante a little bit literally .
right here , I am going to put a crisp one hundred dollar bill .
the person with the most sale at the end of the day get to keep the cash .
seventy , eighty , one , two three .
still a lotta money and I am going to ... ... I am going to leave it right over here where everybody can see it .
i will be taking jim 's client today because he is not here and out of sight , out of the contest .
let u see who wind up with the cash , shall we ?
oh , it is on , phyllis , it is so on !
god , this is going to be fun .
so you have 40 box going out , and i will deliver those personally in a sebring .
very good , nice doing business with you .
read it and weep .
oh , look at that !
look at me , phyllis !
oh , what is that ?
that is my sale !
just ... you know what , guy ?
it is none of your concern .
it wa official business , so just ... yeah , paper business .
extreme home makeover put together a house in an hour .
if you were on that crew , you would be fired like that .
this wa no act of god .
a person did this .
a person who work in this office .
maybe all of them .
today is not a good day for a sale contest .
we are ... we are not ... we are not doing this today .
you want to talk about fair ?
doe anyone need to smell my old carpet ?
you explain to me how that wa fair , and I will explain to you how this is fair .
plus i just ... i think that picking today wa sort of taking advantage .
i am a victim of a hate crime .
stanley know what I am talkin ' about .
well i hated it !
okay , i ... you know what ?
if the guilty person would just come forward and take their punishment , we would be done .
then you are all punished .
you are all on a time out .
just sit there quietly .
do you remember ed truck ?
how would i know ?
my biggest fear is turning into him .
i wa not talking literally , creed .
yeah , being buried alive would be worse .
why am i talking to you ?
thanks for meeting me .
must be kind of neat comin ' back .
uh , well , honestly ed , i really do not want to be up there right now .
oh , no , no , no .
um , well , somebody did something in my office , and i now think that they did it on purpose and it wa directed at me .
i did not get a good look at ... it , but it smell horrible .
well , that figure .
so how did you deal with people not liking you ?
well ... s-sure i can .
you can love a bos like you do a father .
last week i would have given a kidney to anyone in this office .
i would have reached right into my stomach and pulled it out for them .
but now , no .
i do not have the relationship with these people that i thought i did .
i hope they ask , so they can hear me say , `` uh ... no .
i only give my organ to my real friend .
go get yourself a monkey kidney . '' yes .
how did you get this number ?
did anybody see a package here today ?
how big wa it ?
did you see a big package ?
where did you leave it ?
guy , did you see a big package in my office ?
are you kidding me ?
oh , you are ... you are dead .
you are dead , my friend !
that is hilar ... oh , god !
of course it wa you .
it take an advanced sense of humor .
i do not expect everybody to understand .
it wa done out of love , just like i thought .
it is ah ... god , these people are so ... these are good people .
we just have fun !
oh , I am just so sorry that i threw the thing out .
what is going on ?
a sale or a lead or ... ah .
would you say the sale that i made earlier wa huge or ... what wa that ?
you call that a sale call ?
my god , what have they been teaching you ?
yeah , well , did i teach you to roll over like a submissive dog ?
no , i did not .
exactly , ask me , which you did , so , tell a joke .
do you know a joke ?
call a client right now .
and tell him the joke .
strike while the iron 's hot .
a joke always work .
give me the phone .
give me the phone .
tell him that your supervisor is on the line .
the old one two .
let u do it .
yeah , sorry about that .
dwight is an idiot .
no , he is a little ... little dim .
he is the janitor 's brother , so ... uh-huh ?
well , you know , like in a fast food restaurant , just to be nice they hire somebody who can not even find their way to work ?
what can we do to help you out ?
i have a discount .
today and today only , on lightweight copier paper .
uh-huh , yes , i can do that .
oh , I am glad it timed out that way .
hey , what is going on ?
yeah ... i ... you know what ... i ... i ... i just thought about it .
i just have a few thing i want to say .
hold ... just hear me out .
what is more important than quality ?
now study show that today 's woman , the ally mcbeal woman , a i call her , is at a crossroad ... no , just uh ... you have come a long way , baby .
but i just ... just want to keep it within reason .
they did this up in albany ... and they ended up turning the break room into a lactation room which is disgusting so ... well , I am their bos , so i feel like ... anybody want any coffee or ... woman in the workplace ... yeah , translation `` i have been banned from my own conference room so that jan can talk in secret to all the girl . '' oh !
'women of the workplace . ' about what ?
i do not know .
circle up , please .
toby , come on over .
you are a guy ... too ... sort of .
let u do this !
well , first of all , i , uh , just want to warm up a little bit .
let u just clap .
let u just clap .
that is what I am talking about !
just having a little 'guys in the workplace ' thing .
why can not boy play with doll ?
why doe society force u to use urinal when sitting down is far more comfortable ?
we have nowhere else january this ... ok , ok , fine .
yeah , actually , perfect .
there is another side to this place , gentleman .
and i know we all love our cushy job and our fun , exciting office .
but do you realize that underneath u , there is another world .
a world that is teeming with sweat and dirt and life .
the bowel of the office .
these guy are down there , they are real men doing real man 's work .
we are going to learn how a warehouse work .
oh , i think it is going to work out great .
because managing the warehouse is a very important part of my job .
and i have not been there in month .
so let u meet the warehouse !
let u get some shot .
this is darryl , one of our warehouse staff .
darryl , what is your biggest fear ?
you know , darryl is actually the foreman here and not roy , which is cool .
there is roy riding the big rig .
so roy is actually going to be marrying pam sometime this summer .
and ... uh , she is our receptionist .
sort of a brangelina thing .
brangelina is the brad pitt and angelina ... roy ... roy and pam .
it is a ram .
it is a ram thing .
just in case there is someone down here who should not be .
a little `` good will hunting '' situation .
this is an important day .
now you may look around and see two group here .
but i do not see it that way .
and you know why not ?
because i am collar-blind .
oh ... well ... okay ... yeah , you know what ?
i do not think ... you .. you are ... my job suck compared to this .
i do not think you would like it up there .
want to start unloading the truck ?
look at that bwup-bwa !
how are ... oh !
that is good stuff .
hey , you are going to , going to hurt yourself .
I am fine , I am fine .
oh , oh , oh !
we will get somebody to clean that up .
we ought to have this thing serviced .
guy 's gripe session .
now , we definitely live in different world but we have a lot in common .
we even like the same girl , some of u .
that is going to happen , you know .
we are guy , so ... no , why ?
why would i ... ?
you could ... stay or ... let u start with the warehouse .
what bother you a guy , you know ?
ok. ok , yeah .
yeah shhh ... i ... that wa just ... i wa breathing .
you know , that is the thing !
what the ... ok ... what is our beef a human men .
guy ragging on each other .
that is what guy do ... and we love it .
ah , you do .
so ... i know .
it blow , man .
because you already sorta have a union ... of guy .
i think the problem is the chick .
the problem is the chick .
and you got to blame them .
lady , take a breather .
jan , i uh want to ... can i help you ?
um ... i wanted to say that the guy downstairs are thinking about forming a union .
and they have some good point ... do not get hysterical .
part of my job is knowing how to talk to woman .
let u ... be ... rational ... here .
what are the pro ?
what are the con ?
do not talk to me that way please .
just ... they are going to want to hear this from you .
but we are bonding down there !
i mean i just do not want to have to tell them something they are not going to want to hear .
ok. come on january after all we have been through ... we have a history ... ... between u .
i will not I am just saying we have something ... ok. whatever .
cold front coming into the warehouse .
better put on your ski boot !
happy new year , darryl !
you ever done this ?
yuh , yuh , yes !
i ... i have essentially ... i have essentially .
I have taken some ... I am just going to put this over there .
you did uh ... okay .
rich people love pizza .
poor people love pizza .
white people love pizza .
black people love pizza .
do black people like pizza ?
um ... look guy , I am sorry .
sometimes jan can be such a bitch .
hey , watch it , watch it .
we have a relationship .
thank you to our host .
is it good to be back .
i mean i love the guy stuff but to run an office you need men and woman .
because you need to have that crazy sexual tension to keep thing interesting .
and now , i realize that you can program or download any ring you want .
so , I am a little overwhelmed .
there is a lot of choice .
you got to help me here .
which one of these is coolest ?
what do you think ?
dude , are you kidding me ?
that one say , `` i am so lame . '' know which one i want ?
there is one that sound like a jackhammer .
just really grab your attention .
it is like ... you know what I am talking about ?
what are you guy talking about ?
and now , i realize that you can program or download any ring you want .
so , I am a little overwhelmed .
there is a lot of choice .
you got to help me here .
which one of these is coolest ?
what do you think ?
dude , are you kidding me ?
that one say , `` i am so lame . '' know which one i want ?
there is one that sound like a jackhammer .
just really grab your attention .
it is like ... you know what I am talking about ?
what are you guy talking about ?
alright dwight , a you know i am heading to new york today .
doing a presentation on the branch to the new cfo .
the opposite of that .
i probably will , why do you ask ?
< i > what < /i > is your problem ?
this is a business trip .
i would have to be a raving lunatic to try to talk to jan about what happened between u .
her word , not mine .
she sent me an email this morning .
but , it is valentine 's day .
it is new york .
you heart n.y. , right ?
you want me to pick you up anything ?
dude , I am going to nail it .
me in new york ?
oh , i own that city .
well here we go .
on our way to new york .
new york , new york .
city so nice they named it twice .
manhattan is the other name .
the meeting is not 'til three , but i always like to come to new york little bit early and hit some of my favorite hunt , like right here , is my favorite new york pizza joint .
and I am going to go get me a new york slice .
here it is , heart of new york city , time square .
named for the good time you have when you are in it .
most people when they come to new york , they go straight to the empire state building , that is pretty touristy .
great place to eat .
we have bubba gump shrimp , red lobster down there .
this is , this is the heart of civilization , right here .
everybody take the subway in new york .
it is fast , it is efficient , get you there on time .
it is a way to okay , there is a guy pooping in a cardboard box down there .
this is the world famous rockefeller center .
founded , of course by theodore rockefeller .
this is a skating rink and i think the ranger practice there sometimes and it is , that is tina fey .
that is tina fey from saturday night live .
oh , I am sorry , i thought you were , ok , i thought that wa .
she , she looked a lot like tina fey .
hello , hello , i thought that wa tina fey , but it wa not .
so ... are you serious ?
when , when i wa talking to the fake tina fey ?
and are you , argh .
i would love to live in new york someday .
it is a big dream of mine .
work for corporate , with january it would be awesome .
go to broadway show , eat hot dog .
scranton is great , but new york , is like scranton on acid , no on speed , no on steroid .
ok , umm , i think , that is either the hudson or the east , so we are back , should be back this way .
there is a lotta pressure on me right now .
it is like michael jordan , in the nba final .
or , like stormin ' norman schwarzkopf , and this presentation is desert storm and a soon a it is over , we will not have to deal with those iraqi anymore .
let u do it .
josh porter , high five .
yeah , how ya doing ?
nobody need to introduce this guy .
you have been kicked out of every strip club in albany , is that true ?
so what is going on ?
good , good , good .
give u some time to catch up , and ... ay , kay .
come on , you know , that is not .
maybe because she is my girlfriend .
wa , or not my girlfriend .
she is ... we hooked up and ... you know , month ago , just once , it is , just stupid .
just forget it , yeah , yeah .
how are you jan ?
what is a business ?
is it a collection of number and sale report ?
but a you know , david and jan , it is much more .
life move a little slower in scranton , pennsylvania .
and that is the way we like it .
because at dunder mifflin scranton , we are not just in the paper business , we are in the people business .
let u meet some of the folk that make the scranton branch so special .
this is stanley hudson , one of our talented salesman .
an african-american father of two , stanley 's dedication is no doubt one of the hallmark 's of the foundation of the business we are hoping to build our base on .
yeah , i shot a bunch of footage around the office , edited it together on my mac .
i wa thinking of entering it into some festival .
you know , not what this is about .
and finally , pam beesly .
not bad at all .
a the receptionist , pam is truly the gateway to our world .
well , i hope this gave you a little taste of what life is like here at dunder mifflin , scranton .
what it is like to walk a mile in oscar 's shoe .
or try on phyllis ' pant .
maybe even one of angela 's famous brownie .
and you will know , that you are home .
yes , thank you .
yes , absolutely david .
get that for you .
i umm ... oh , ok. alright .
no you are not .
technically , we fell asleep in the same bed .
i will fix this .
I will talk to him .
I will talk to david .
and do not call me shirley .
no no no no no , yes i , ok , well , alright , here is the deal .
it is my fault .
this is , this is totally on me .
before you guy came in , i wa talking to the guy .
we were all chatting and i made a joke , a really dumb joke and craig the idiot took it seriously .
i did , it wa stupid .
and craig , you saw him , he is not the sharpest tool in the she would .
although he is a tool .
it wa borderline at best and ... and jan is a fantastic executive and ha all the integrity in the world and um , I am really sorry .
it will never happen again .
oh , no big deal .
yeah , happy valentine 's day .
oy vey ... schmear .
i love you , angela .
yes , even you .
i love you , kelly .
i love you , meredith .
this is all platonically , of course .
i love lady , always have .
and you know what i think is the most attractive part of a woman 's body ?
because i do not think a woman is beautiful unless she is smart .
and also , the brain are where the lady get their best nasty idea for bedroom stuff .
okay , here is the thing about january she talk such a big game about , `` oh there is nothing between u and stop talking about it . '' and `` border-line harassment when you call me at home . '' but let me ask you this , is it just a coincidence that this meeting is taking place on valentine 's day ?
answer , maybe , but maybe not .
it wa nice to see devon again .
to sort of get closure on that whole thing .
let u think this through .
if we ask corporate for that then ... could go either way .
we do not know what they are going to say .
have to think it through .
because if they say no ... no !
yes , we have to !
because i do not like to be cooped up in that office !
because i need to think .
oh , kevin , oh !
mmmm , mmm , mmm , mmm .
give it to me .
phyllis , give me the ball .
ok , give me the ball .
give me , you guy ... creed give me the ball !
right now give it to me .
you all right ryan ?
that is what she said !
so you ready for the big speech this afternoon ?
um ... and yes , it is a big speech .
biggest of your life .
speaker at the sale convention .
been there , done that .
went there again , did it again .
two year in a row .
i just ... i miss the feeling of knowing that you did a good job because someone give you proof of it .
sir , you are awesome !
here is a plaque .
what , a whole year ha gone by and you need more proof ?
here is a certificate .
they stopped making plaque that year .
that would look terrible .
these are mostly salesman and salesman expect to be entertained and you are the main act .
that is because you are incapable of doing it because you do not know how .
because you have no skill .
dwight , there is no way i can possibly teach you what you need to know about public speaking by speech time .
but i can teach you enough so that you do not embarrass me or the company .
well , if you have a question , you should ask me .
do not try and think of a question to humor me .
just ... try not to be such an idiot .
but seriously , what is the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman ?
it is a joke , dwight .
it is not a sex ed class .
yeah , you are right about the difference between a man and a woman , but not about the punch line to the joke , right ?
the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman ... is boob !
they would remember them .
look , it doe not matter what you say .
it just matter that you are saying something that people care about .
i have some very great news from corporate .
we had a wonderful quarter and a a result all of you are getting bonus for 1000 dollar !
you see how they responded to me ?
in that moment , i had them .
it is not true .
i wa just talking so just go out there and say anything .
they will eat it up .
they are a great audience .
dwight wa kidding and i do not know why because it wa not funny ... and it wa just horrible .
everybody in the conference room now .
let u do it .
a your leader and your friend , i sort of demand that you can all speak in public a i can ... and did ... twice .
you saw the plaque , right ?
we are all going to go around the room and we are going to make toast .
and that way , we will overcome our fear of public speaking .
I am public speaking .
stop public interrupting me .
actually , this would be good practice for your wedding toast .
jim taking the initiative .
that is not a toast .
you are not standing up .
show u what you have learned today .
well , it is mostly made up .
so ... dwight is not going to do a job .
and they are expecting excellence because i did do such a good job .
two year in a row .
it is time , dwight .
the grim reaper is here .
it is a little bit bigger than i remember .
we are down here .
dwight , they called your name .
you are lucky you have me here .
I am going to cover for you .
gooood morning , vietnaaaam !
i am not dwight schrute .
i am michael scott , his mentor and bos .
and until dwight come up , if he ever doe , i wanted to say a few word about excellence .
what make a work environment excellent ?
well , there are many thing , i believe , that do such a thing of that nature .
and one would be humor .
what is the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman ?
I am very sorry .
i did not know you were wearing a hearing aid and i just thought you were speaking abnormally .
... and now the black guy from the 'police academy ' movie .
michael winslow , anyone ?
all right , dwight schrute everyone .
that is a tough crowd .
how did it go ?
you would not believe what happened here .
this woman came in , sat down , ordered a drink .
the bartender asked for her id which i thought wa odd because i pegged her at like 35. yeah , it wa weird .
so , she wa like ' i do not have my id , please give me one . ' and he wa like ' i can not do that .
i can not serve you . ' she might have been .
so she say 'fine .
i will go to my room .
i will get my purse .
i will come back .
I will show you my id . ' she ha not come back yet .
she is probably in her room drinking from the mini-bar !
dwight gave a great speech .
that is the word on the street anyway .
and i entertained dwight to no end with my bar story .
so , i captivated the guy who captivated a thousand guy .
can you believe that ?
you are going to end with `` etcetera '' ?
okay , what is this big organizational system that ... that would be suicide .
never , never talk specific .
not in a speech .
but the fact that you have no idea what to say is , believe it or not , the least of our worry .
it is your delivery ... our biggest worry .
my god , dwight .
the best way to learn is by watching .
that is why porn is a multi-trillion-dollar industry .
sit down , let me wow you .
see , i have your attention now , do not i ?
you are scared , but now you are ready to learn .
no , it did not .
and that is because at no time did you employ the use of humor .
we will find you a joke that not even you can ruin .
all right , listen up , please .
dwight ha a joke .
sailor are on water .
yeah , well , you know what ?
we need to ... all right , everybody in the conference room now .
anything your heart desire .
good , good , good .
now see , that is not so hard , right ?
who are we going to ... ryan .
do not be shy , shy boy .
do not be shy .
that is , you know what ?
the toast is really not supposed to be about anything .
it is certainly not supposed to be about going anywhere or doing anything else , so ... ryan is a temp , and that mean that he could go at any time .
am i worried about that ?
try scared to death .
nope , wrong room .
they got sport medicine seminar , nope .
science fiction convention , nope .
are you a 12-year-old girl ?
i do not know .
ms. beasley if yer nastay !
you having a wardrobe malfunction there ?
or w -- ... oh , god is that today ?
listen , i like kid .
but this is not a kid 's environment .
this is like hbo , no limit .
who know what I am going to say ?
and it is r rated , it is not rated g. i am like eddie murphy in `` raw , '' and they are trying to make me into eddie murphy in `` daddy daycare . '' both great movie , but , still .
well , I will be in my office .
fine , fine , fine , fine , fine , fine , fine .
I am michael scott , and ... i ... am in charge of this place ... ahh , what will make you ... understand ... i am ... like superman , and the people who work here are like citizen of gotham city .
okay , I am aquaman .
where doe he live , guy ?
i work with a bunch of nerd .
oh , yes , hello , how are you ?
good to see you .
wow , you have really grown up .
do not mind me saying so , she is turning into a stone cold fox .
better keep the ... frat boy away from her .
yeah , middle school 's amazing .
it is not that child make me uncomfortable , it is just that , why be a dad when you can be a fun uncle ?
I have never heard of anyone rebelling against their fun uncle .
they want how many spiral pad ?
just compare last year 's order to this year 's .
yeah , I am looking at it right now .
we-yeah , they are very-they are different .
yeah , we can stick with last year 's , you are just going to have to supplement it , somehow .
well ... we can ... uhm ... hey , uh , you know what ?
can i call you back ?
I will call you right back .
yes , i promise .
... hello , can i help you ?
... you can pick that up , if you want .
that is -- that is alright .
want to bring it over ... here , make some room .
my name 's michael .
what is your name ?
nice to meet you .
oh , you know what that is !
that is a train whistle , like I am the conductor .
but I am sort of the conductor of the office here , right ?
you want to try ?
all aboard for sale !
next stop , cu ... camonga !
what the hell are you reading to them ?
yeah , you know what ?
no , no no no no .
the kid do not want to hear some wierdo book that your nazi war criminal grandmother gave you .
what is a nazi ?
do not talk about nazi in front of -- you know what ?
they are going to have nightmare , so why do not you just shut it ?
why do not you just leave ?
there go mister poop .
now , who like dane cook ?
child can not lie .
they are innocent , and they speak the truth , and out of the mouth of babe , michael scott is freaking cool .
this is where the magic happens !
right over here , let me show you this .
you know what that is ?
this is where paper come from .
no , we do not actually cut the paper .
that is a good question .
the paper is sent to u cut , and dyed , from a paper manufacturer , and then we sell it to a business for more than we paid for it .
yes it is , well , w-w-you need someone in the middle to facilitate ... I am not just a middle ... man ... you are describing office depot , and they are kind of running u out of business .
... there is creed !
let u take a look at what he is doing , everybody !
this is creed , and he is in charge of ... something .
say hi to the kid .
what are you doing ?
just-no , no , no , no !
would you cut it out ? !
what is your problem ?
no no no , we are not going to see -- we are not going to see the four toed ... creed , okay ?
you know , there is something interesting about me you might want to know .
i ... used to be ... the star of a kid show .
i am totally serious .
there wa a show called 'fundle bundle ' and i wa the star .
i can prove it !
i can prove it , watch this .
ryan , can you come here a second ?
i would like you to go to my mother 's house in dickson city , and if she is in the pool , the back kitchen window should be unlocked , i want you to boost yourself up , i want you to go down to the basement .
in the basement is a tape labeled 'fundle bundle ' .
i want you to grab it , i want you to get my guitar .
i want you to get the tambourine .
do you know how to play the tambourine ?
good attitude , hottest in the office .
alright , nowwww ... what kind ... of pizza do you like ?
i do not get why parent are always complaining about how tough it is to raise kid .
you joke around with them , you give them pizza , you give them candy , you let them live their life ... they are adult , for god 's sake .
i am going to give you a little blast from the past of michael gary scott when he wa a child star , and a show that you might remember called 'fundle bundle . ' okay ?
without further ado , ryan ?
that ... is miss trudy .
can not tell from the costume , but she had an amazing body .
okay , you can ... fast forward .
and ... i want you ... to ... stop !
that is , uh , edward r. meow .
uhh , i do not know .
can everyone please shut up , please !
so you do not miss it .
coulda sworn there wa ... ... uh , no .
uh , just never happened .
... i guess not ... you know , i have a load of work to do so i am going to grab a slice of this delish pizza ... and I am going to go do my work .
oh , that is okay , she can keep those .
you have to ask me that because you work for human resource .
well , sure , playing the field is great , do not get me wrong , but there is more to life than notch just on my bedpost .
tell me something honestly , do you ... think ... that it is too late for me to have kid ?
what about ... ... january
thanks , that is , no , that ... that really mean a lot to me .
hey , doe sasha have a godfather , because i ... oh ... kay .
yes , it is true .
i , michael scott , am signing up with an online dating service .
thousand of people have done it , and i am going to do it .
i need a username .
and ... i have a great one .
that way , people will know exactly where my priority are at .
hey , uh , no , please ?
you can not leave yet .
there is still one more thing we need to do .
you ... who are on the road ... must have a code ... that you can live by ... and so ... become yourself ... because the past ... is just a goodbye ... and teach ... your child well ... one more time .
you ... hey , do not touch him , please !
did not do background check of the warehouse guy .
well , I am sure it will be fine .
so , phil recruited me to sell these card , and now i am recruiting you .
do not worry about phil .
he drive a corvette .
he is doing just fine .
calling card are ... the wave of the future .
these thing sell themselves .
that is a nice attitude , ryan , I am just helping you invest in your future , my friend .
you will get rich quick .
you know what , toby ?
when the son of the deposed king of nigeria email you directly , asking for help , you help !
his father ran the freaking country , okay ?
... alright , so , raise your hand if you want to get rich .
alright , let me explain .
phil ha recruited me and another guy .
now , we are getting three people each .
the more people that get involved , the more who are investing , the more money we are all going to make .
it is not a pyramid scheme , it is a ... it is not even a scheme per se , it is ... ... i have to go make a call .
that is really nice .
today is my b-day , and people around here just go crazy for it .
i do not know why .
i share my birthday with eva longoria .
so , i have a < i > perfect < /i > ice-breaker if i ever meet terry hatcher .
ah , thank you sir .
no no no , no , new suit , please .
thank you very much .
it is from italy .
actually -- no , bulgaria .
one of a kind .
not necessary , the party planning committee is all over it .
they have been working twenty-four seven all day yesterday .
please , do not want to spoil it for anybody .
let u get the party started .
not the way i taught you !
oh , great , put her through .
it is urgent , i just wanted to call and wish you a happy birthday .
because , i thought we had the same birthday .
you can say whatever is in your heart .
... you can take a five , if you want .
somebody brought in donut for my birthday !
somebody got donut for my birthday !
you did not know it wa my birthday .
well , i guess i forgot to give you a donut .
ohhhkay , this is great !
thank you my friend , she is perfect !
ahhh , dwight , may i have your chair please ?
and , um , some single , if you will !
okay , um , alright .
is that going to be a ... is that alright ?
I am so nervous .
when i wa seven , my mother hired a pony and a cart to come to my house for all the kid ... and ... i got a really bad rash from the pony , and all the kid got to ride the pony and i had to go inside , and my mother wa rubbing cream on me ... for probably three hour , and i never came outside .
and by the time i got out the pony wa already in the truck .
and around the corner .
so that wa my worst birthday .
yeah , well , it is on the radio .
nobody even signed my birthday poster .
probably my mother is the only one that care enough to send me anything .
you are making it worse .
i bet luke perry 's friend do not treat him like this .
ohh , no , no , no !
i can not ... ryan , come on .
let u do this .
watch it ... please .
get in here ... everybody .
my gift to you .
well , then just have the tomato and ketchup .
just the bread , it is fresh baked .
get whatever you want .
and choke on it .
when i wa sixteen , i wa supposed to go out on a date with a girl named julie .
but there wa another michael in the class that she apparently thought the date wa with , so she went out with him , on my birthday .
and , she got him a cake , at the restaurant .
and it wa not even his birthday , but i heard about it the next day in school .
so ... < i > that < /i > wa the worst birthday i think i ever had .
respect the birthday please .
uhhh ... blow out the candle .
mmmm ... ... i asked for trick candle .
well , when she come back we will do it again .
hello , what about the birthday boy ?
have not had a hug all day .
... aww , that ... suck , great .
... wow , that is good timing .
that is ... that is , sorry , that is terrible .
that is terrible ... terrible news for both of u .
it turn out that 98 % of people with skin cancer fully recover .
yeah , but it is not brain cancer .
and it should not stop u from having fun .
you know what they say the best medicine is .
and laughter ... also .
why are you here ?
i did not even invite you to my birthday party .
nyeh , i work here .
alright , well , you know what , since toby doe not speak for everybody and i am your bos , i ... think you should just go home .
take the rest of the afternoon off .
take a sick day .
well , you are pretty much driving everyone else here crazy ... crazy with worry .
excuse me , everyone .
kevin , we are going to take you to a very special place , a place that will make you happy , and a place that is far , far away from the evil sun .
how dare you sir .
that should not be there .
no , it is alright .
it is already up .
let u get our skate on !
yeah , I have been pretty much skating my whole life .
i thought about playing in the nhl , but , you are on the road so much .
you got no time to spend with your wife and kid .
and i really want a wife and kid .
hey pam , all this stuff with kevin ... um , it is pretty scary .
and I am thinking that uh , next time you are in the shower , you should check yourself out .
you know , give yourself an exam .
those thing are like ticking time bag .
you heard anything yet ?
she sold me my condo !
what , is this place on the market ?
or ... oh , these ... all your kid ?
oh , hey guy .
you want to go for a ride ?
we are reaaallly mooovin ' now !
oh ... god ... god !
we are going to beat this , okay ?
we are going to ... come here .
well , apparently in the medicine community , negative mean good .
which make absolutely no sense .
in the real world community , that would ... be ... chaos .
okay , who is this from ?
wowwwee , look at that !
thank you ... dwight .
you did not need to do that .
this is ... really amazing .
that is not how i taught you , right ?
my hump , my hump , my lovely lady lump check it out good .
no , i think you are going to stay .
do not tell me , tell them .
oh , my god .
that is a piece of cake .
that is a piece of cake .
oh , 2 % .
jeez , that is good .
out of , like , 18 billion american , so , no worry .
those were probably misdiagnosed .
i mean , anybody with a zit go in and say , `` i have cancer . '' untrue .
the heart is bigger than the skin .
if you stretched the heart out , it would cover more than the entire body .
ry , is he bugging you ?
dwight , dude , you got to take a chill pill , man .
it wa one joint in the parking lot .
you know , you are totally harshing the office mellow .
i wa not attempting to compliment you .
uuf , well ... okay ... why do not you just cool it , cool it dwight , please , god !
dude , where is my office ?
i totally lost it , because i wa half-baked .
doobie brother , i wa smokin ' doobies with my brother .
peace out , seacrest !
who want some munchies ?
who is he calling ?
remember the narc bit ?
uh-oh , who is in trouble ?
what are you talking about ?
two night ago , i went to an alicia key concert at the montage mountain performing art center .
i scored these great aisle seat .
anyway , after the opening act this beautiful girl sits down next to me and i never get to meet girl with lip ring and she had one .
i do not know exactly how this happened but one of her friend started passing around some stuff and they said it wa clove cigarette , and I am sure that it wa clove cigarette .
everybody in the aisle wa doing it .
okay , attention everyone the drug testing ha been cancelled .
instead , i will be going around to each of you and doing a visual inspection .
i can do that , it is my office .
it ha come to my attention that some people here think that the use of drug is something to laugh about .
no , uh , no .
that wa a test .
i wa testing you , and you all failed .
when i said that dwight wa a narc , how many of you defended him ?
how many of you said , `` hey , you know what , he is right ?
what he is doing is protecting this office from the evil of drug . '' i am ridiculously anti-drug .
so anti-drug that i am above suspicion in any way that involves suspicion , or testing of any kind .
drug ruin life people .
take cheech and chong everybody know that cheech and chong are funny , but just imagine how funny they would be if they did not smoke pot .
i want everybody to take a look to their left .
now i want everybody to take a look to their right .
one of those people will be dead from drug use at some point in their life .
this year more people will use cocaine than will read a book to their child .
are these fact scaring you , or are they not ?
do you think that smoking drug is cool ?
do you think that doing alcohol is cool ?
okay , enough , enough , enough !
i have written down a list of illegal drug .
how many of these are you familiar with ?
okay , you know what , toby ?
pam , can you take this down ?
in addition to toby 's urine being tested , i would like to test his blood and his hair .
i can test anyone randomly , and i have chosen you randomly .
okay , eeny , meenie , miney , moe , is random .
okay , you know what ?
I am going to need a volunteer to select one of these word and tell u of something tragic that happened in either their life , or the life of a loved one .
jim it is okay .
you can t ... this would be a good place to let it out , jim .
these are people you can trust .
these are people who care about you .
it is okay , just we will not judge you .
we are here to not judge you .
oh , he is doing it , okay .
okay , are you sure ?
that looked like it wa going to be good .
the point I am trying to make with all of this people is that i hate drug .
i hate them , and based upon what i have seen you all do not quite hate them a much a i do so you are going to have a drug test , and i am not .
yes , i will not be .
okay , well dwight just know that I have been very busy today and i got a lot of work to do and i wa not planning on going to the bathroom and i do not even know if anything is going to come out , okay ?
so i need you to do some work on the st. andrew account .
i need your urine .
i need some filing done .
i need your urine .
yes in a cup , we are not animal , dwight .
it is none of your business .
just , i went to an alicia key concert , over the weekend , and i think i may have gotten high accidentally by a girl with a lip ring .
i need clean urine for the lady .
do not think of it that way .
it is like , urine go all over the place .
you know , there is no controlling it .
it just ... go a cup could find it way under the urine .
it might be an accident .
no , just look .
just ... just fill up the cup .
well , i passed the test thanks to you and your untainted pee .
thank you very much .
where is your costume ?
wha ... since you did such a good job with the investigation , i decided to pull a few string .
call in a few favor .
and I have decided to make you official security supervisor of the branch .
so you want to ?
well , thank you .
shut ... shut it .
just ... just focus on the fact .
that ... your gut reaction is to say that , but i do not !
that is , that is ... those are instinct that have been created by medium and hype .
and they are wrong .
what i am saying is that you just do not know who drug user are .
it may be the person you least suspect .
it may be somebody hot , like pam , or it could be somebody matronly , like phyllis , but just not me .
okay , well , i really think that ... yeah .
sorry you had to hear that .
it wa a lover ' quarrel .
okay , let u get personal for a second , shall we ?
well ... i do not ... let u just not talk about it , okay ?
yes , thanks , fantastic sam 's .
come with a shampoo and blow dry .
we are doing i.d .
that is a nice tie .
that is ... who make that ?
do you mind if i wear that for the photo ?
what is the dealio ?
what is the problem ?
so what , you are having a little spat .
i forget , are you guy dating ?
what do you know about conflict resolution ?
your answer to everything is to get divorced .
so ... okay ... what ?
yeah , well ... that is not going to fly here .
because in this office , it is till death do u part ... assuming we do not get downsized .
uh , pam , will you get angela and meet u in the conference room please ?
a mediator 's tool chest .
okay , well , before we get started , you should know that are 5 different style of conflict .
my shaolin temple style defeat your monkey style .
okay , this is important .
the first style is lose/lose .
just hold on , please !
okay , if we do lose/lose , neither of you get what you want .
you ... you would both lose .
now i need to ask you , do you want to pursue a lose/lose negotiation ?
win/win is number four and number five is win/win/win .
the important difference here is with win/win/win , we all win .
i win for having successfully mediated a conflict at work .
okay , since this is the disputed poster .
now , one at a time , i want you to express your feeling using `` i '' emotion language and no judging or `` you '' statement .
come on , seriously , that ?
stop , stop , stop !
let u see if we can just brainstorm and find some creative alternative that are win/win .
thank you , pam .
how about angela make the poster into a t-shirt , which oscar wear .
that way , he can never see it and whenever she look at oscar , she can see it .
okay ... well , brainstorm .
okay , that is called a compromise .
and it is style 3. and it is not ideal .
to sum up , win/win - make the poster into a t-shirt , win/lose - take the poster down , compromise - tuesday and thursday .
and the answer is ... make the poster into a t-shirt !
are those all the other complains ?
i would like to see those please .
you can not do that , huh ?
huh , ok. now you and i have a conflict .
i order you to give me that file .
i had to use win/lose on that .
it wa not pretty .
all right ... is that it ?
why do i have to do everything ?
this is from kevin .
he say stanley us his miracle whip without asking .
meredith complains that everyone talk too loud in the morning and the light are too bright .
creed is sick of looking at the redhead all day and want a seat facing the receptionist .
you will notice that not one of these complaint is against me .
how many of you have at one time gone to toby to complain about another employee ?
and ... did you get what you wanted , or were you merely listened to , you forget about your problem , and you move on ?
i love this place ... and it pain me to see all of the negativity festering ... okay , today we are going to get everything out of these file and into the open , where it can be resolved .
alright , how about the phyllis/angela dispute ?
that is what she said .
the thing is , angela ... you are in here an awful lot .
you have complained about everybody in the office , except dwight , which is odd because everyone else ha had run in with dwight .
toby , by the way , what doe `` redacted '' mean ?
there is a file full of complaint in here marked `` redacted '' ... ?
oh , ok. there were a bunch of complaint about dwight that were put in the redacted file about six month ago .
all right , pamela .
let u do it !
actually , it ha been withdrawn .
so that is no help to u .
uh ... `` doe she have to plan her wedding on office time ?
could not she do that at home ? '' who else ?
why do not we just warm up first ?
warm up emotionally , all right ?
here is a kelly complaint : `` ryan never return my call . '' ugh , join the club .
you got a lot of anger under there buddy .
come on start u out .
someone complained that the men 's room is `` white only '' .
stanley , you know that is not true .
you complained that angela 's giving you dirty look .
and you tried to get off the party planning committee .
and ... also , phyllis , stanley say that you cry too much , and that bug him .
oh ... ok. okay , well ... all settled , then .
you told toby that creed ha a distinct old man smell ?
all right , kevin .
you are accused of making sexually suggestive remark to angela that made her feel uncomfortable .
solution : angela , you are to make sexually suggestive remark to kevin that will make him uncomfortable .
okay ... dwight ... stop ... oh ... kay ... okay .
you know your i.d .
say you are a security threat ?
okay ... you two , in the conference room with me .
nobody leaf until we work this out .
yeah , they work .
how could they not work ?
if they did not work , everybody would still be in the cage .
okay , so dwight , in your own word - `` someone replaced all my pen and pencil with crayon .
i suspect jim halpert . '' `` everyone ha called me 'dwayne ' all day .
i think jim halpert paid them to . '' `` this morning , i found a bloody glove in my desk drawer and jim halpert tried to convince me i committed murder .
i think he may be the real murderer . '' `` jim halpert said there wa an abandoned infant in the woman 's room .
when i went to save the child , i saw meredith on the can . '' gah .
`` this morning , i knocked myself in the head with the phone . '' `` every time i typed my name , it said 'diapers ' . '' `` by the end of the day , my desk wa about two foot closer to the copier . '' the japanese have this thing called shiatsu massage , where they dig into your body , very hard .
and it is very painful .
and apparently , some people throw up .
but the next day they feel great .
I have never had one .
hey , there is like , 300 more of these .
let u get to them later .
maybe , i have not decided yet .
let u get to work .
oh ... actually , tomorrow 's not good .
how about later in the week ?
how about a group picture while you are here ?
well ... that is ... what , a computer camera , right ?
it will take like two second .
ugh ... all right .
everybody , come on .
group photo for the newsletter .
come on , everybody .
we resolved a lot today , everybody .
good , let u check that out .
ew , okay , all right .
we will take one more .
you just press the button .
let u pay mr. price gouger .
okay ... we can do this .
come on , everybody .
it wa really hard getting a good picture of fifteen people .
he would not give me a good discount .
and eight try added up .
one , two .. did not say three , did i ?
but , I am sort of an expert at photoshop , so it turned out fine in the end .
when people work together , there is going to be conflict .
you can not outrun your problem .
and that is why the idea of a cage match is so universally appealing .
but here is the thing about cage match : sometimes you have to open the cage .
and that is something toby will never understand .
on big brother , something important happens every day .
but real life is not like that .
tonight the scranton business park is having casino night and we are converting our warehouse into a full-blown gambling hall .
and i know it is illegal in pennsylvania , but it is for charity .
and i consider myself a great philanderer .
it is just ... it is nice to know at the end of the day , i can look in the mirror and say , `` michael , because of you , some little kid in the congo ha a belly full of rice this evening . '' make you feel good .
i try not to think of it a lagging behind .
it is more of a david-and-goliath thing .
jan , listen , i promise that i will kick it up a notch .
oh , actually , while i have you , not that i have you or have ever had you , but we are having our casino night tonight and i think everyone would love to see their fearless leader here .
i am , but you are the eva peron to my cesar chavez .
oh , come on .
you know , it would be fun .
i can hear it in your voice .
you need a break .
jan and i understand each other .
the romance thing is sort of on hold for the time being , but we have remained good friend .
good friend with privilege .
not now , some day .
tonight 's event is to benefit the boy scout of america .
well , they need our money .
they do not have cooky like the girl scout .
well , oscar , if you do not like it , then you should concentrate on winning .
because the person at the end of the evening with the highest chip count will receive $ 500 to donate to the charity of their choice .
and they will get a mini-fridge compliment of vance refrigeration .
so get your charity in to pam .
i , for example , am playing for comic relief .
comedy is very much alive , a are homeless people .
well , then , they need our money more than ever .
oh , and another fun thing .
we , at the end of the night , are going to give the check to an actual group of boy scout .
we are going to ... why are you the way that you are ?
honestly , every time i try to do something fun or exciting , you make it not ... that way .
i hate so much about the thing that you choose to be .
okay , you know what ?
i will not donate my winning to comic relief , since apparently it doe not exist .
i am going to donate to afghanistani with aid .
no , i mean afghanistani with aid .
that is a dog .
that is a shawl .
okay , you know what ?
aid is not funny .
believe me , i have tried .
there are certain topic that are off-limits to comedian , jfk , aid , the holocaust .
the lincoln assassination just recently became funny .
`` i need to see this play like i need a hole in the head . '' and i hope to someday live in a world where a person could tell a hilarious aid joke .
it is one of my dream .
i have already put down the deposit .
do you understand how a deposit work ?
it is casino night like la vega .
there are fire-eater all over the place .
well , actually , it is my warehouse .
why are you here ?
i said , not that .
that you are afraid .
do i know a carol still ?
oh , yeah , put her through .
hey carol , how go the real estate biz ?
is it < i > real < /i > good ?
oh , hey , no problemo .
incidentally , i love the place .
it ha a little bit of a weird smell .
at christmas , the tree helped .
actually , I am sort of hosting this charity thing in our warehouse , casino night .
yeah , it will be good .
why do not you come by ?
bring the paper , I will sign them and then you can stay and have a drink .
it will be fun .
what do you ... what do you ... oh , I am sorry .
could you hold on ?
okay , put her through .
jan levinson , i presume ?
hey , january how you doing ?
okay , sound great .
bye hello , carol ?
hi , sorry about that .
i just ... right .
good , all right .
two queen on casino night .
i am going to drop a deuce on everybody .
oh , well ... kiss .
that is how we do it in the paper biz .
it is european and ... yes ?
ah , dwight can i get you a drink ?
the food is from hooter .
billy , your nurse is hot .
your nurse became your girlfriend ?
chili 's is great .
welkommen , bienvenue , and welcome to monte carlo !
i am no longer your bos .
lady fortune is your bos .
shut it , shut it , shut it .
will lady fortune be your mistress ?
only time will tell , my friend .
leave all your preconceived notion about casino at the door .
old friend , new lover , and the disabled !
shuffle up and deal .
let u get it started !
bluffing is a key part of poker , which is too bad , because I am not very good at bluffing .
did you believe me ?
what are ... that is insane .
well , toby , i went all-in on the first hand , so doe not that tell you that i might have good card , too ?
so do not be stupid .
just take it back .
okay , all right , whatever .
you really screwed that up .
hey , you know what ?
if luck were not involved , i would always be winning .
oh , my god .
oh , my god .
january look , okay , i think we are all adult here , and it ha always been my understanding that we have an open relationship .
after you said you were not coming , i invited carol to come and i do not think that i did anything wrong .
what ... all right !
all right , here we go !
talk to you monday .
she is a good bos .
oh , she is great .
all worked out in the end , though .
the hero got the girl .
who saw that coming ?
and jan wa really happy for me .
so actually the hero got two girl .
he got the girl that he work with and he got the girl that he buy real estate from .
so , I have got my new york girl and my local flavor .
i want somebody to give me the name of one of our biggest competitor .
yes , that will work .
now i need a plural noun .
how about a location ?
where the hell is that ?
okay , all right .
no , no , no .
no , no , not until you give me an adjective .
we already have that .
so ... no , toby , damn it , come on !
we already have that .
i need something fun .
something like fat or smelly .
now i need a noun .
thank you , phyllis .
that wa not so hard .
all right , here we go .
`` office depot is an annoying store .
one day creed went there to buy paper .
and he ran into irritating cylons . '' `` one of them wa named michael scott , and he wa an ... '' oh , damn it .
okay , okay , we are ... okay , we are starting over .
paper making paper , i.e .
the company 's doing fine .
do not even think .
i command you to just go down and have fun tonight .
do not think about it .
our number are down , yes , but we have a heck of a crew here in scranton .
hardworking , motivated , dynamic .
every single last one of them .
they follow my lead .
i sort of set the tone .
and it doe not hurt that my ex work for corporate .
jan love this branch , and i think that is really more than half the battle .
that is the fun of this place .
i call everybody `` faggie '' .
why would anybody find that offensive ?
that is what faggie mean !
it wa not just an action movie , it wa die hard !
yeah , i know .
ok , a little too far , crossed the line .
i would have never called him that if i knew .
you do not ... you do not call retarded people `` retard '' .
it is bad taste .
you call your friend `` retard '' when they are acting retarded .
and i consider oscar a friend .
listen man , i am so sorry .
i had no idea .
no it is not .
i feel terrible about it .
i have been calling people `` faggie '' since i wa in junior high , and i have never made this mistake .
if i do not know how to behave , it is because i am just so far the opposite way , you know ?
I am just ... i , i can not even imagine ... the ... thing .
maybe we could go out for a beer sometime .
and you could tell me ... how ... you do that to another dude .
can you tell who is gay and who is not ?
well , he < i > is < /i > .
there could be others ... i need to know .
i do not want to offend anybody else .
yeah , I am sure everyone would appreciate me treating them like they were gay .
hey , what about angela ?
she is hard and severe .
she could be a gay woman .
i do not know , i can imagine her with another woman , can not you ?
find out if there is a way to tell by just looking at them .
let u call him and get the website .
well , they are sold out .
i watch the l word .
i watch , queer a f * * * , so ... what ?
what doe that even ... well , gay pride , right ?
it is not like gay ... shame festival .
i think angela might be gay .
could oscar and angela be having a gay affair ?
is that what this is about ?
i do not kn- anything 's possible .
well , I am not gay jan , and you should know that better than anybody !
the company ha made it my responsibility today to put an end to 100,000 year of being weirded out by gay .
because you can not always tell , so ... how would i know .
is that the right answer ?
nothing wrong with this stuff .
gay porn , straight porn , it is all goooooood !
i do not particularly get into this .
but uh , you know what .
i totally see the merit !
and actually ... it is quite beautiful .
all right , everybody in the conference room !
i do not care if you are gay , or straight , or a lesbian , or overweight !
just get in here !
did you know that gay used to mean happy ?
when i wa growing up it meant lame .
and now it mean a man , who make love ... to other men .
we are all homo !
gay are not necessarily who you think they are , people .
i mean anybody could be gay .
like antique dealer , or hairdresser , or ... accountant .
oscar , why do not you take this opportunity to officially come out , to everybody here .
however you want to do it .
I am doing this for you .
who should be the judge and jury of our society ?
yes , that is a good point .
she ha a good point .
because gay marriage currently is not legal , under you.s . law .
i bet a lot of straight men wish that applied to them .
so they could go out there and have some torrid unabashed monkey sex a much a they could .
sound pretty good , right ?
that is great , and frankly kiiiiiiiind of amazing !
everybody ha a chance !
but still , phyllis , in college ?
did you ever experiment with other woman ?
a lot of woman do !
and i take that a a compliment .
well , i just like to look good ok , so -- no , i am just coming out myself .
i am coming out hetero !
the only signal that i am sending is : < i > gay , good < /i > .
look , if i wa gay , i would be the most flamboyant gay you have ever seen .
i would be leading the parade covered in feather , and just ... i would be waving that rainbow flag .
you misunderstand- ok. you know what , ok. i uh , I am going to put my money where my mouth is .
i am going to embrace oscar .
you might want to watch this angela , because you can not catch anything .
we are going to make a statement .
you and i are going to make a statement together .
oscar is my friend -- ... and i just do not care who see it , doe not bother me !
all right , um ... sorry .
I am sorry i called you faggie .
you are not faggie .
you are a a good guy .
you know what , I am going to raise the stake .
i want you to watch this .
and i want you to burn this into your brain .
because this is an image that i want you people to remember for a long time to come .
whenever you come into the office i want you to think about this .
I am still here .
we are all still here .
come on , man !
we are not in the playground anymore .
there are new rule .
we have to be mature .
but we can not lose the spirit of child like wonder .
what is love ... anyway ?
maybe it is supposed to break all the rule .
like me and january or oscar ... and some guy .
when two people find each other , what should stand in their way ?
i am glad that today spurred social change .
that is part of my job a regional manager .
but you know what ?
even if it did not , at least we put this matter to bed .
... that is what she said .
oh , there is gill .
i wonder if he know ?
i will do my job to the best of my ability .
i will do my < i > regional manager < /i > job to the best of my < i > cap < /i > ability .
specifically , jan , i will make at least ten phone call to client .
yes , i have to begin every day by letting jan know what i intend to accomplish , and then i have to call her at the end of the day to tell her what i < i > did < /i > accomplish .
but it is not mandatory .
it is something that i ... wanted to do ... and so it is voluntary , really .
even though she ... make me .
i think she just want to hear my voice .
because we are no longer lover , and she is just hurting .
but thing are going well with carol .
I have seen her seven time in the last few month , and I am growing very fond of her kid .
tommy , who i call tomas , and the little girl ... no .
well , hang in there , okay ?
you should get one of this big body pillow .
that way you would not miss you-know-who so much .
did you see oprah yesterday ?
i , uh ... i am going to be a father .
angelina jolie wa on .
and she adopted a baby from asia , and she said that it changed her life .
and that really inspired me .
so , i want you to look into seeing how much a little chinese baby would cost .
well ... just do it , okay ?
um ... find out if there is a cheaper , le expensive baby out there , okay ?
i do not even know if I will want a baby in eight month .
you know what , pam ?
if in ten year , i have not had a baby , and you have not had a baby ... twenty year .
it is a deal .
guess where i am going .
i will give you a hint .
it is a booze-fueled sex romp , where anything go .
you are correct , sir !
i am headed to philadelphia for the annual northeastern mid-market office supply convention .
and jim halpert is going to be coming , which will be fun .
he is been stuck working under josh , the poor man 's michael scott , a he is known around my condo .
whom , whom ... whom ?
oh my god , i have a great idea .
you know what you should do to be hilarious ?
wear your wedding dress .
it would be a great icebreaker .
yeah , do it !
well , word of advice : unbutton that top button .
let those thing breathe .
any message you want me to relate to jim ?
hey , josh , how ya doing ?
good to see you .
there is the traitor !
come here , you .
the product ... the progidal ... my son return .
i wa shocked when he told me he wa transferring to stamford .
it is like the fireman .
you do not leave your brother behind , even if you find out that there is a better fire in connecticut .
wow , i did not expect that .
it is good to see you too !
look , i think we need to set some ground rule .
the eight-hundred pound gorilla in the room .
I am still dating her , so nothing can happen between u at the convention .
thank you for being so brave with all of this .
that is specifically why i chose a room close to the elevator .
that is crooked on that side .
well , that is how we do it in scranton .
or did you forget ?
there are not no party like a scranton party , because a scranton party do not stop .
hey , well , we have time !
one for the road , gentleman ?
i love inside joke .
I would love to be a part of one someday .
all right , see you guy down there .
change your mind , come back up .
ugh , that would be gross .
it is not even lunch yet .
stuff we all get .
i basically decorated my condo for free with all of my swag .
hi , I am michael scott , dunder-mifflin .
I am having a huge blowout tonight , room 308. hope you can come .
okay , so ... can i tell people you are going to be there ?
because he is afraid to fly .
do you remember me from last year ?
there is a party in my room , 308 , can not miss it , right off the elevator .
yeah , she is up front .
i do not have to , i just know .
see you in a bit .
may i have a moment of your time please ?
i need you to do something for me .
i want you to dig up some dirt on josh .
find out if there are any skeleton in his attic .
business ha been pretty crazy around the office .
moved ryan over to your desk .
i will call him later with that message .
toby flenderson is everything that is wrong with the paper industry .
is he why you left ?
opportunity , promotion , blah , blah .
you know , jim , those are just word .
have you taken into account other factor , vis-a-vis boss ?
is josh funnier than i am ?
doe he even have a girlfriend ?
because i have two , basically .
hey , jan , jan ?
do not worry , i have got the tip .
no , that wa a different hundred dollar bill .
i have generated a lot of interest in my party this evening .
the party I am having tonight in 308. obviously , you are invited .
any message for 308 ?
hey hey , feller .
hey , check this out .
a little friendly competition .
look like you picked a bad time to defect , my friend .
oh ... shut it .
hey , pam , what is up ?
yep , yech ... no .
tell him i will give him general specific tomorrow , okay ?
say hi to pam !
that is josh and dwight and jim .
have fun on your date !
very good , talk to you later .
it hit the rim .
okay , and ... okay .
well , let u ... come on !
jim and i have different definition of friendship .
i think it is talking and being friend , and jim think it is moving to connecticut and being best friend with josh .
well , phooey on that .
i , uh , I am done .
i am not going to be speaking with him anymore .
long-distance relationship never work .
okay , let me tell you what we are looking for .
sorry , my meeting ran late .
yes , jan , really .
with a rep from hammermill .
evan will call you in the morning to work out the detail .
we can now sell hammermill product .
yeah , well , maybe next time you will estimate me .
hey , first guest !
you are going to have some tequila , my friend .
this is the party .
so , what can i do you for ?
people have been filtering in and out .
sure , sound good .
so why are you here ?
no , no , i totally get it .
he made a better paper airplane , stamford is better in sale ... i get it .
we had some fun .
we had some laugh .
and that is just ... I am not better than josh .
you do not even know .
she is single now .
I am sorry , man .
hey , you know what ?
i will talk to her .
I will talk to her .
you should at least talk to roy .
i mean , he know exactly how you are feeling .
no , you know , people have been filtering in and out .
evan , this is jim .
hey , ernie , how ya doing ?
some people need dozen of friend to say , `` hey , look at me , I am popular . '' but not me .
I am very picky .
i need three , maybe two .
when you meet that someone special , you will just know .
because a real relationship , it ... it can not be forced .
it should just come about effortlessly .
now , would you do the pleasure of hitting the light , sir ?
ha , ha , ha .
what are those stain ?
oh , god , i hope it is urine .
today I am headed to philadelphia for the annual northeastern office supply convention .
oh , these thing tend to be kind of crazy .
you know , ryan , it is all about the benjamin .
oh , yeah , have pam give those to me .
sure you do not want to come ?
going to be fun !
change your mind we can get you a cot .
a couple of year ago , i went to one in hartford .
`` connecticut . '' and todd packer and i went to this bar and met a girl .
and packer decides to make out with her .
turn out that her boyfriend is the bouncer at the bar .
the bouncer chase u out to packer 's vette , jump in the vette , he < i > peel out < /i > , and i i do not make it to the car .
um , and the other bouncer caught up with me and really did a number on me ... it wa in the paper ... but to answer your question , yeah , I am really excited about this weekend .
i almost worked there .
yeah , i applied for a job there .
i wa going to be a bottle capper .
i know , i know .
crazy , crazy world .
josh reminds me of a guy i went to high school with .
big football star , girl loved him .
guess what he is doing now .
he is a tv announcer for the eagle .
up in the ... he doe not even get to play in the game , i mean .
the only cure i know for the monday blue is ... varsity blue !
let u go , let u go , let u go !
alright , everybody here ?
kevin , would you like to do the scene from last week ?
previously on varsity blue ... hi jan !
hope you brought the milk dud !
people work faster after ... no ... they have to ... to make up for the time they lost watching the movie .
three hour , wow .
... you were at the dentist ?
ok. what wa dwight thinking ?
that he could turn jan against me ?
she is my ex-lover !
do you want an m & amp ; m ?
you should have an m & amp ; m , they are really good .
they are good , huh ?
i thought you were not supposed to eat anything for a couple hour after you have had a crown put in .
sound like a good dentist .
what is his name ?
your dentist 's name is crentist .
sound a lot like dentist .
let me see your teeth .
let me see them .
let me see them .
you should ... floss .
well then ... i am glad you are ok. business is like a jungle .
and i ... am like a tiger .
and dwight , is like a monkey , that stab the tiger in the back with a stick .
doe the tiger fire the monkey ?
doe the tiger transfer the monkey to another branch ?
there is no way of knowing what go on inside the tiger 's head .
we do not have the technology .
dwight , can i talk to you for a second ?
wow , this is tough .
well , i just got off the phone with january and um ... she demoted me .
you know what the craziest part of this is ?
she demoted me to your job !
and she said that you should be expecting a call later from corporate , and that um , i guess that mean that you are going to be acting manager of dunder mifflin , scranton .
i told her i did not know whether you would want to do it ... because you have always been so loyal to me .
you have been my most trusted ally .
yep , i did .
but i think ... you should do it .
perfect , well , we are settled .
well then , you are now acting manager of dunder mifflin scranton branch , and i ... am assistant regional manager .
ohh .. can not you ?
that is so nice .
well ... i guess we should go tell the troop .
hey , hi , hello .
everybody , i have some good news , and i have some bad news .
i ... am being replaced , a your leader , by dwight .
you might think that i am kidding , and i understand that .
because , dwight ... never lie .
because that is all it take .
ok , dwight , would you like to say a few word to everybody ... about loyalty ?
oh , I will be fine .
no , no , i do not , but -- i ... will not .
well , i guess it is time , that i turn over the key , to the famous sebring .
it is a corporate lease dwight , you have earned it .
but you said you liked it .
you have always admired it .
that is my car .
that is my car .
i know , dwight .
jan called me about your little meeting !
i know , what you did .
i made the whole thing up , dwight .
do you like the sebring -- how dare you ? !
how dare you , dwight ?
give me one good reason why i should fire you right here on the spot ? !
i have a laundry machine !
i do not know if i can trust you anymore .
you can get up .
and you can hug it out , bitch .
hug it out , bitch .
that is what men say to each other , after a fight .
they hug it out , and doing so , the just ... let it go .
and they are done .
not a good idea to say that to a woman however .
it doe not translate .
yeah , we hugged it out .
but , it turn out , i wa still a little angry .
so , i felt i needed to punish him , just a little bit more , and I am making him do my laundry for a year .
it is not your business , dwight .
what do you know about management , dwight ?
I am not firing anyone .
everybody , you know what ?
it dawned on me we were all in there watching a movie together before we were so rudely interrupted , let u get back in there .
come on , stanley let u go .
okay , well , we had scheduled this time to watch a movie together , so i guess i will just go play some online scrabble .
so , she sleep with him , but she is still in love with the head surgeon , um , the mcdreamy guy , and she start cry , but the dorky doctor , he is in love with her ... really ?
hey ryan , can i get you a pencil from the warehouse ?
oh , it is okay , I am going down .
all right , I will be right back .
do not mind if i do .
see you in a minute .
there you go , fresh from the warehouse .
there is coffee in the kitchen , pam .
i am like bette midler in for the boy .
got to keep the troop entertained .
let me see if i have his cell .
is this the only reason you are calling , jan ?
or doe somebody miss me ?
i just received a call from corporate with some news they felt that i should know first .
my old bos ed truck ha died .
yes , i am .
it is very sad .
because he wa my bos .
that is right , you worked with him .
well , I will be in my office in case anybody want to drop by .
so did you hear the news ?
oh , gosh , what can anybody do , really ?
it is ... pssssh ... .
he wa almost 70. circle of life .
must really have you thinkin ' .
the older you get , the bigger the chance is you are going to die .
that is just not the way a dunder mifflin manager should go , I am sorry .
alone , out of the blue , and not even have his own head to comfort him .
so , I am not exactly sure how to say this ... what are you doing ?
i did not ... he wa driving on the road and he went under a truck .
and that is when his head wa separated from the rest of him .
and i will let you know more a soon a i find out .
i do not understand .
we have a day honoring martin luther king , but he did not even work here .
you really do not get it , do you ?
you do not understand these people .
that is the last thing that they would want is a day off .
well , i think it would be very realistic , it would look just like him .
we could have his eye light up , we could have his arm move ... i think that is a great way to honor ed .
well , we are talking about how to properly honor a man who gave his life a regional manager of this company , january mm hm .
you know who wished they could get back to work is ed truck .
but ed truck can not because he is -- dead .
oohh ... can you imagine how much blood there wa ?
if it happened right here , it would reach all the way to reception .
probably get on pam .
well , you know what ?
i did not want to hear about it either , stanley , but i did and now i can not stop picturing it .
he leaf work , he is on his way home ... wham !
his cappa is detated from his head !
well , you know what ?
there is something wrong with you .
there is something wrong with everybody in here .
because we have lost a member of our family and you do not want to talk about it , you do not want to think about it , you just want to get back to work !
there are five stage to grief , which are denial , anger , bargaining , depression , and acceptance .
and right now , out there , they are all denying the fact that they are sad .
and that is hard .
and it is making them all angry .
and it is my job to try to get them all the way through to acceptance .
and if not acceptance , then just depression .
if i can get them depressed , then I will have done my job .
i am going to throw you this ball .
when you catch the ball , i want you to say the name of a person very important to you , somebody really special who died , and then i want you to say how they died , and you may cry if you like , that is encouraged .
let me just start .
let me show you how this work .
i catch the ball .
i lost ed truck .
and ... it feel like somebody took my heart and dropped it into a bucket of boiling tear ... and at the same time , somebody else is hitting my soul in the crotch with a frozen sledgehammer ... and then a third guy walk in and start punching me in the grief bone ... and I am cry , and nobody can hear me , because i am terribly , terribly ... terribly alone .
okay , we can start .
pam , you are a member of this family .
so we will wait for our family member .
phyllis , you want to give it a shot ?
okay , why do not you throw the ball to somebody else .
oh , yes stanley .
your turn , you have to go .
okay ... I am going to toss the ball to pam .
if you want to cry , that is okay .
do you want to talk about it anymore ?
that is weekend at bernie 's .
do you think that this is a game ?
all right , we are starting over .
you are not leaving .
we are not done .
well , you know what ?
the guy who had my job ha died .
and he sat at my desk .
how do you know ?
that that bird wa dead ?
did you check it breathing ?
wa it heart beating , toby ?
did you check it ?
no , of course you did not .
you are not a veterinarian .
you do not know anything !
oh my god , come on ... oh shhhh-oot !
no , he is not .
no , he is not .
well , you can not get disease from a bird !
we do not know if it is dead .
this will only take a second of your time .
today at 4 p.m. we will be meeting in the parking lot to have a funeral service for this bird .
well , I am sorry to inconvenience you , meredith .
but that is what you do when thing die .
toby killed this bird .
and now we are going to honor it .
no , no , no !
this bird is dead .
the least you can do is be there for him now .
find a box for him .
shh ... yes , i know , i know .
it is been a tough day , but it is good to let it show .
what are ... what are you doing ?
no , god , no it is not !
what is the matter with you ?
is that the beak ! ?
glad you could all make it .
dwight , do you have the box ?
that is ... that is very nice .
society teach u that having feeling and cry is bad and wrong .
well , that is baloney , because grief is not wrong .
there is such a thing a good grief .
just ask charlie brown .
he ... doe his family know ?
but I am the first in the office ?
okay , yes , sure , i will do that ... ... because I am the first to to find out .
nobody else know and it is my responsibility to tell them .
how are you holding up ?
want me to come over ?
they say that with grief , time make it worse , which is bad for me because i found out before anybody so I have had more time to be sad .
i would like you all to clear your schedule this afternoon , because i am telling corporate to send in a grief counselor .
we need to find out what is blocking you .
and that way , we will be able to honor ed the way he deserves to be honored .
may he rest in peace .
what wa that , kevin ?
no , you said something , did not you ?
you think that is funny .
no , that can not be right .
well , then i guess that make you about the worst grief counselor in the world , doe not it ?
you are ruining it , already .
they should not be given the choice .
you are the most heartless , soulless person I have ever met .
it is going to take me hour to undo all the damage that your have done here .
dwight , ryan , i want you to take the table out .
we are going to go on a five minute break , and when you come back , we are going to start with a clean slate , and , in the interim , i would like you to forget everything that toby ha said , okay ?
i do not think I am overstating it when i say that toby is a plague on this company .
and he is worthless .
you give people a chance to shine and they blow it , just like you knew they would .
grief counseling is not about , `` are you hungry ?
would you like a sandwich ? '' these people are so far gone , you have to stick a food tube down their throat .
okay , part of the problem wa that toby talked at you .
now , i am going to talk with you .
first off , i want you to be comfortable , because you really can not grieve if you are all tight and buttoned up .
so , guy , loosen your tie , just take your jacket off if you want .
lady , let your hair down .
even take your shoe off .
i want to get personal and i want you all to really open up .
and i want you to know that anything and everything can be said .
i found an exercise in toby 's binder that he managed to miss , that involves screening the part of you that say , `` i do not want to do that .
i do not want to talk about that .
that is too private . '' here is how it work .
I am going to throw you this ball .
that is ... hold it , hold it , hold it .
start , like , right in there .
okay , give it to me .
you do not know what you are doing .
let u just ... all right .
guy , do you have a box we could use ?
how wa your day ?
ok. i do not care how your day wa either , january i wa just asking you because you asked me .
why do you set me up like that ?
and then i went home to my condo .
and carol came over .
and then we had sex .
is that what you want to hear ?
never ever , ever sleep with your bos .
i am so lucky that jan and i only got to second base .
hey koselli , the ko .
i love jello pudding pop .
my son , theo , love jello pudding pop too .
productivity is important but how can i be productive if i have this one little thing in my brain ?
that i can not get out .
and that one little thing is a soft pretzel .
so I am just going to have my soft pretzel , then I will get to work , and I will be super productive .
look out for me .
oh , shhh ... come on .
hey , hey , hey !
phyllis , what are you doing ?
no , i think you are cutting in line .
no , I am not going to settle down .
get in the back please .
just the woman I would like to see .
you read my mind .
i thought that maybe you could wait in line for me while i go to the bathroom .
you are an angel .
because i like them a certain way , and if it get screwed up , then whole thing is blown .
pam , productivity start with patience and determination .
I will be back .
please tell me that you have a sweet pretzel left .
is there anyway that you could do all , all of them ?
hey hey hey , the cos. what is going on ?
do we have a deal ?
deal or no deal ?
let u make a deal .
so what is the deal ?
everyone , i am officially streamlining the efficiency of this corporation .
second ... yes , second , toby .
second , i am insisting on increased accountability from every single one of you .
and i will be taking question .
but , one question at a time please .
i want you to switch desk , I am going to reorganize and restructure the physical layout of the office to maximize everything !
i think we are getting a lot done , do not you ?
on paper at least .
and we are , after all , a paper company .
are we not , are we not , are we not ?
are you with me , are you with me ?
thank you very much !
hey , what time is it ?
well , that is really not the way i roll , because sometimes I am in the zone , and sometimes I am in the zoning out .
do you want me to go on amazon and order you a slang dictionary ?
because I will do it .
yes , big if .
if you lay a finger ... would you look at that ?
damn it , dwight !
`` 9:00 to 10:00 , checked in with receptionist .
met with jan , re : log .
found log . '' `` 10:00 to 11:00 , light salad , three point . '' that is on the wrong page .
actually , today 's a good day to do that .
what make them so good ?
i mean , they are just dough twisted up with some candy .
they taste so good in my mouth .
nice dress , ryan .
ok. tonight , one of our most ethnic co-worker , kelly , ha invited u all to a diwali celebration put on by her community .
what is diwali , you may ask ?
well , to have kelly explain it it is ada blah blah blah , it is so super fun and it is going to be great .
lot of god with unpronounceable name .
twenty minute later you find out that is essentially a hindu halloween .
how come you did not get me one ?
indian do not eat monkey brain .
and if they do ... sign me up ... because i am sure that they are very tasty and nutritional .
it is important that this company celebrates it diversity .
and you know what , stanley ?
come kwanzaa time , i have got you covered , baby .
i love the people here .
and if there wa one thing i di ... do not really care for is that they can be terribly , terribly ignorant about other culture .
and i do not want them embarrassing me in front of my girlfriend , carol .
diwali is a very important holiday for the hindu .
but , frankly , I am a little appalled that none of you know very much about indian culture .
so , without further ado , kelly you are on .
um ... why do not you tell u a little bit about the origin of the holiday .
all right , all right , all right , all right .
this is not 'lord of the ring ' .
now , a lot of people say that kelly is one in a million and that is true , but it is also not true .
because , frankly , there are literally billion of people just like kelly in the world .
here are some famous indian .
he is a nobel prize-winning physicist .
apu from the simpson .
'the village ' , 'unbreakable ' , 'sixth sense ' , 'sig ... ' okay .
what is the ... oh , whoa !
where did that come from ?
and another thing about the indian people ... they love sex position .
i present to you the kama sutra .
i mean look at that .
who is seen that before ?
thank you , kevin .
well , i find it beautiful .
no ... no , you are not going to collect them .
this is delightful , charming culture .
my indian culture seminar wa going great until toby decided that he wa too immature to deal with culturally explicit image .
it is just sex .
people ... everybody doe it .
I am doing it ... with carol !
what doe that look like to you ?
no one 's even going to notice .
it is a costume .
why do not you just cool it , okay ?
I will have one of those a well .
thank you very much .
now these are lime , lemon , onion ... oh , yuck .
these s'mores are disgusting .
do you think they have any s'mores ?
all they are is chocolate , graham cracker , and marshmallow .
how difficult would that have been ?
wow , thirty year ?
and you two only met once before the wedding night ?
she is not a cheerleader .
she thought this wa a costume party !
um ... no , we are not married ... yet !
very fair and very kind .
so ... um ... tell me , is your marriage the kind of thing where when you die she ha to throw herself on a fire ?
it is still very cool .
I am going to be .
hi , I am just going to get this for a sec ... just a sec .
I am sorry , could i have your attention , please .
i just have an announcement to make .
i have learned a lot about indian culture tonight .
but i have learned even more about love .
and i know you are all thinking 'who is this crazy gringo and what is he talking about ? ' well , I am not crazy .
maybe I am crazy in love .
so without further ado , carol ?
i would like you to do me the honor of making me your husband .
what do you say ?
i did not hear you .
oh , you have got to be kidding me .
you are not ready .
this is a classic ... yeah , well , but i ... i feel like I have known you many lifetime .
maybe I am hindu after all .
okay , I am not hindu , but ... carol .
carol , i just ... i feel like ... i just like you so much .
hey , you know what ?
why do not i come with you .
because I have got this book called the kama sutra .
that is so spicy .
you waiting for a call ?
when carol said 'no . ' tonight , i think i finally realized how you must be feeling .
we are both the victim of broken engagement .
i wa in that marriage arena , though .
we are so alike .
what are you doing ?
I am ... what ?
i did not can i have a ride home ?
these are not my shoe .
this is just like that show 'taxi cab confession ' .
this is going out to indian everywhere .
it is a tribute to one of the great ... mr. adam sandler .
diwali is a festival of light .
let me tell you something .
tonight ha been one crazy night .
so put on your sari , it is time to celebrate diwali .
everybody look so jolly .
but it is not christmas , it is diwali .
the goddess of destruction kali stopped by to celebrate diwali .
do not invite any zombie to a celebration of diwali .
along came polly to have some fun at diwali .
if you are indian and you love to party , have a happy , happy , happy , happy diwali .
how do i explain this to jan ?
oh , please , stop talking .
three word or le .
pam , could you put jan on , please ?
hello , january well , i wa letting everybody go to the big diwali party .
you do not know what diwali is ?
wow , january I am surprised .
it is the hindu festival of light .
i just assumed you would be familiar with it .
it is the most sacred and honored hindu holiday in the world .
it is like christmas , easter , and halloween -- -- rolled into one .
i bet you are not even aware that our own kelly kapoor , who work in ... ... customer service is a hindu person .
oh , i dunno about that .
for kelly , that seems a bit much .
yeah , you should see her naked .
i had promised carol a romantic evening on the town .
um , i wanted to take her on this spooky hay ride thing , but it wa like seventy dollar a person , and she is allergic to hay .
so i said , `` pop a claritin , and i will spot you the seventy buck , '' and she is like `` i do not like to borrow money or take unnecessary medication . '' and I am like , `` well you are really not going to like what i slipped in your drink last night . '' and she is like , `` what the hell are you talking about ? '' and I am like , `` I am kidding .
i did not put a roof ... '' ... we laughed so hard ... it wa hilarious ... oh ... so yes , I am very excited about the diwali party .
and perhaps the most important person to indian culture , sir ben kingsley .
because of him , the british left india , and then he became an actor like ronald reagan .
so , any question ?
there she is - jan levinson .
first ... ... thing in the morning .
love to start my morning with a hearty bowl of january just call me levinson in the morning , baby .
i do not understand .
on whom 's authority ?
am i a small number person or a severance package person ?
oh ... oh , my god .
oh , my god !
i do not really get it because we are not doing that bad and our number are going to come up .
well ... oh , you got to be ... josh ?
oh really , what role is that ?
king of the stupid universe ?
it is an outrage , that is all .
it is ... hey 're making a huge , huge mistake .
let u see josh replace these people .
let u see josh find another stanley .
you think stanley grow on tree ?
well they do not .
there is no stanley tree .
do you think the world is crawling with phyllises ?
show me that farm .
with phyllises and kevins sprouting up all over the place .
ripe for the plucking .
show me that farm .
they grow up so fast .
do not say that .
that just sound weird .
well ... we have nothin to talk about , dwight .
just do your work ... while you still can .
best physical condition of my life .
i can not tell you , so ... nothing , pam .
what difference doe it make ?
we will be gone in a couple of week anyway .
do i have any message ?
ok , ok ... listen up , everybody ... i have some news .
dunder-mifflin , scranton is being shut down .
you knew about this all along , did not you ?
you are a traitor .
i do not know .
this is the worst .
i know , i know .
well , I will land on my foot .
do not worry about me .
so , you will be okay too .
you are a warrior .
you are smart , capable .
you will find something else and ... awesome .
this is my house .
the cfo is taking away my house and giving it to josh .
and josh is giving the garage to bob vance .
all right , listen up .
some of you may have heard some rumor about the branch closing .
but , i am not going to take this lying down .
i have a plan and i am going to save our job .
so just hang in there .
this might get ugly .
go to new york , confront the cfo , show him he is making a mistake ... save the branch .
there is no one else .
you sent him card ?
you never met him .
okay , this is it .
this is exactly what michael moore doe , famous documentarian .
he go up to people with a camera and he is like `` why did you do this ?
why did you pollute ?
you are a bad person . '' it is very dramatic .
although , i can not say i wa a big fan of 'bowling for columbine ' , because i thought it wa going to be a bowling movie , like 'kingpin ' .
and it wa not .
it wa something else .
i will speak from the heart .
yes , but these are employee , sir .
these are human being .
stop ... stop it !
he is not going to say any of that .
because he would be intimidated and i , just ... let u start again .
just be more scared of me , okay ?
do not touch me this time .
excuse me , mr. wallace ?
no , not until i have some good news for them .
not until i have some good news .
what if this doe not work ?
what is the office actually go under ?
all right , favorite moment in dunder-mifflin history .
the foam ... oh , right .
okay , that is enough .
oh , hmm , all of them .
i loved them all .
what are we still doing here ?
let u go home .
oh , this wa such a stupid idea !
this wa so stupid .
i am such a stupid idiot .
i let everybody down .
i lost everybody 's job .
nobody like me anymore !
how did we do it ?
i do not understand .
here ... who is here ?
karen filip ... ka-ren fili-pell-li .
my branch is absorbing the stamford branch .
or , a i like to put it , my family is doubling in size .
that is all I am going to say about it because i have a gigantic performance ahead of me .
and i have to get into my head and focus .
I am not ... I am not firing somebody on the first day .
what i want you to do ... set it up in the conference room , please .
make it look nice .
a if you are trying to impress a much older man who is way out of your league .
this is hannah smoterich-barr .
welcome to our humble abode .
follow me to your desk .
your ball and chain is right over here .
you know for a lot of these people this is the only family they have .
so ... a far a I am concerned , this say 'world 's best dad ' .
there he is tony ... what is your last name ?
gift bag ... for you .
well , they are just for guest .
if there are any left over , you can buy one later .
wh .. and coupon ... to various hot spot around scranton .
let me show you to your area , sir .
come on , big guy .
welcome , welcome , welcome !
take me to your leader .
oh wait , i am your leader .
i am actually your bos , michael scott .
you are very exotic looking .
wa your dad a g.i .
you must be andy bernard .
welcome to our little kingdom .
ah , we have a bag of nifty gifties for you .
they are nifty gifties .
you know who i really like ?
is this guy andy bernard .
he ha got this very likable way about him .
get him out of here .
we do not want any of this kind in here .
good to see you , man .
martin nash , i presume ?
this is a little gift bag for you .
follow me , i will show you where all the slave work .
not ... so , your desk is ... right .
i present the orientation video .
i told you the title are irrelevant .
they just relate to pay scale .
it is not a matter of more or le .
your pay is just different .
show time , part one .
i do not care !
you all report to me !
that is all that matter !
the rest of it just work out amongst yourselves , ok ?
work it out amongst your self !
i have a company to run .
well , you let me run the company ?
why do not we all proceed in to the conference room ?
or , should i say , the banquet hall .
for ... drum roll , please , the official merger day all-family welcome breakfast .
um ... for the guest it is .
for you , consider it cow-meat .
well , then ... consider it poisoned beef .
no , it is not beef ... just ... sit down , please .
toby , this is an orientation not a borientation .
all of your question are about to be answered .
cell phone and pager off , please .
let u face it .
moving to a new job can be very stressful .
so i have made an orientation video especially for you newcomer .
but it is not like any orientation video that any of you have ever seen .
it is got a little bit of a zing to it and i hope that it give you a flavor of what we are all about here at dunder mifflin .
and what we are all about here in scranton .
so let u just all laugh together and watch `` lazy scranton '' .
sittin ' in my office with a plate of grilled bacon , call my man dwight just to see what wa shakin ' .
so check out how we live they call it scranton .
call poison control if you are bit by a spider .
i am so scared ... when people do not label their personal food .
you like coal mine and you want to see them , well , check it out , yo , the anthracite museum !
plenty of space in the parking lot , spot .
well , so far , i think it is killin ' .
i thought it would either be an ' a ' or an ' a+ ' but i completely forgot that there is an ' a++ ' .
i ... all right .
a squid 's eye or ... how did you ... people hate people that are different from them .
but you know what make people forget their difference ?
that is why i created the 'integration celebration ' .
this is the moment when scranton and stamford come together a one .
i know what a lot of you must be thinking .
feel more like a night at a party than a day at work . ' well , in my opinion , business should feel like a night out .
a night ... at ... the roxbury .
there is supposed to be music and it is ... i got it , i got it !
um ... that is it !
okay , here we go .
oh my nose so itchy , why is my nose so itchy !
okay , i told you these guy had a sense of humor .
all right , all right , I am on a roll .
why are the new people on the table ?
to show them that we are not above them .
please join your cohort on the table if you would .
we are all friend .
just use the momentum of your lower half to hoist yourself up .
i will ... do not be shy !
let u do this !
we are doing this thing !
let u get up .
bend at the knee .
okay , here we go .
I am under this ... I am under this hock here .
i do not know what I am grabbing here .
we have almost got it .
I am right in your crack !
you have got it .
you have got it , you have got it .
do not ... what ... i do not understand .
well , we will squeeze you in .
you can not quit !
on the first day .
that is heresy , my friend !
okay , let u talk about this .
i mean , what ... wa it toby ?
did he say something ?
because he is ... what ?
so ... did not you think 'lazy scranton ' wa funny ?
well , do not bother quitting because you are fired .
I am sorry , but we do not have quitter on this team !
just clean out your desk !
do not try to apologize to me , man !
it is too late .
take your bad vibe with you .
probably the best advice you ever gave me , dwight .
hooter is a restaurant .
with over 400 location worldwide .
we do have to get along .
can not we all just get along ?
or have we forgotten the word of the reverend king .
the word merger come from the word marriage .
and that wa what today wa supposed to be .
the loving union between people .
instead , it ha become like when my mom moved in with jeff .
and once again , it becomes my job to fix it .
those guy from vance refrigeration , they let the air out of our tire .
they punk 'd u !
they punk 'd u good !
man , they got u so bad .
we can not let them get away with this .
we have got to pull together a one and steal their refrigerator .
go home , toby .
i will tell you why .
because they saved the worst for me .
they put a hate note under my windshield wiper .
it is so hateful .
`` you guy suck !
you can never pull together a one and revenge u .
that is why you suck ! '' no .
no , no , no .
you are falling for it .
you are playing right into their hand .
this is just what they want you to do .
do not , oh ... this is egregious !
like a bunch of fourth grader .
sometimes , what brings the kid together is hating the lunch lady .
although that will change .
because , by the end of the fourth grade , the lunch lady wa actually the person i hung out with the most .
major personnel crisis averted .
but do you realize that that wa actually dwight 's idea ?
bad advice from my number two .
yes , i know that .
for , i do read the memo .
so after a great deal of thought and introspective-shun , i have decided to make jim my new number two .
uh ... that i have not decided yet .
thank you , andy .
that is ... very kind .
shut it ... shut it !
that is ... suck up !
and this is , do not tell me , martin ... ne ... ne ... nack .
what are you talking about ?
all right , just ... smile .
good , what is funny ?
oh , nickname , yay !
well , before long , you guy keep hanging out , you guy you are going to share the same menstrual cycle .
can not we all get along ?
no , we can not .
but here is the thing : yes , we can .
well , why not ?
well , can we overcome these difference ?
can we find each other and connect with each other in spite of these difference ?
no , we can not .
but , we have to try and that is why i created the integration celebration .
i need somebody to pick a card .
one of the new people , please ?
do not look at your card .
now , I have always said that to be a great salesman is to have the ability to connect with people right here .
so to be a great salesman is to be a king of heart .
turn over your card .
so i think in order for u all to work together well we must come together a a family and then we can all be a king of heart .
dwight , do not , do not be a suck up .
what i want all of you to do is approach one of the new people and tell them the one thing that you like most about them .
who want to start ?
who want to give it a shot ?
okay meredith , let u give it a shot .
very good , nice .
we heard what you said .
you did not cover it at all .
they are going to have ... you can not say that , all right ?
dwight 's an idiot !
did you catch that or did ... did the cough cover it ?
you are a jerk .
dwight 's a jerk !
hey , look at me , I am a baby !
I am one of those baby from `` look who is talking . '' what am i thinking ?
look at all those stapler !
what is a stapler ! ?
i do not even know , I am a baby !
hey , mom , I am thirsty !
I am thirsty , mama !
i want some milk .
and you know where milk come from !
yeah , jan , it um ... look like a check , piece of paper of some sort .
i do not know .
i did not hire an ex-convict .
unless they mean toby .
... I am just kidding .
hey jan , speaking of stamford , hannah brought in her baby .
kuhhhh ... you are such a racist .
because you think he is black .
stop it right-stop it right now .
why did the convict have to be a black guy ?
it is such a stereotype .
i just wish that josh had made a more progressive choice .
like a white guy ... who went to prison for ... polluting a black guy 's lake .
in our society , a black man can be arrested for almost anything .
he wa probably at a sporting event and ... saw some people pushing each other , and he intervened .
sssssso , what we need to do ... is to forget about this whole martin in prison thing .
people will draw unfair conclusion about martin and or black people .
just ... try to be cool .
okay , are you cool , really ?
um ... martin , from stamford , wa , at one time , in prison .
hey martin , how is it going ?
may i have your attention please ?
i realize that a lot of you have already heard that martin here ha had some trouble with the law , but i just want to declare publicly that i ... trust ... him , completely , and that anybody who doe not is an ignorant , dumb ... person .
a a matter of fact , you show me a white man you trust and i will show you a black man that i trust even more .
tell me a white person you trust .
what is he wearing ?
nothing special , baseball cap on backwards , baggy pant ... he say something ordinary like ... 'yo , that is shizzle . ' okay .
now slowly open your eye again .
who are you picturing ?
that wa a white woman .
well , shame on you .
that is not cool .
you do not have to tell them .
well , we are running a business , so .
that is not true .
no you would not .
this place is not prison .
it is ... way better than prison .
um , you guy said that prison wa better than this place , and i heard ya , loud and clear , so , i am instituting some change to make this more like prison .
we are going to start with an hour of outdoor time .
so let u go !
why do not we ... pump some iron ?
anyone want to ... pump up ?
it is uh ... two and a half .
I am not going for bulk , I am going for tone .
yeah , it is ... freaking cold out here .
anybody want to stay out , you have got about ... twenty-seven minute of rec time .
you have tv in the joint ?
a ten inch black and white ?
these people do not realize how lucky they are .
this office is the american dream .
and they would rather be in the hole .
all right everybody , there ha been a lot of name calling against our office today .
corporate maligning , slurring , much of it coming from one of you , who claim that prison is better ... than ... here .
and none of can say `` boo '' because none of u have ever been to prison .
well , there is somebody I would like you to meet .
somebody else who ha been to prison , who can tell you what it is really like .
I am prison mike !
you know why they call me prison mike ? !
do you really expect me to not push you up against the wall , beeyotch ? !
all right , hey , hey , hey , hey , that is just the way we talk in the clink .
been a lot of fun talk about prison today , but i am here to scare you straight .
i am here to scare you straiiight ! !
in prison you are somebody is bitch .
oh , and you .
you , my friend , would be da belle of da ball .
do not drop the soap !
do not drop the soap !
eh , fifty-fifty , both .
look , prison stink , is what I am saying .
it is not like you can go home , and , recharge your battery , and come back in the morning and , be with your friend , having fun in the office .
... and i robbed .
and i kidnapped ... the ... president 's son .
and held him for ransom .
and i nevah got caught , neither .
plus , you can eat your own hair .
well , thank you , andy .
the worst thing about prison wa the ... wa the dementors .
they ... were flying all over the place , and they were scary .
and they would come down , and they would suck the soul out of your body , and it hurt !
no , not harry potter .
... there are no movie in prison .
this is my point !
you guy got it soft , and cushy !
this place is freaking awesome !
the people are awesome !
your bos is nice !
everyone seems to get along !
people who ... have jumped to conclusion can redeem themselves !
nobody is nobody 's bitch .
i hope that this scared you .
and from me , prison mike , to you , i just want to thank you for listening to me .
letting me be a part of your life today .
because you got a good life !
you got a good life .
what do you think ?
it doe not sound so great , doe it ?
you guy think prison is so great ?
well , here you go .
if you think is prison is so wonderful , then , enjoy prison !
they are such baby .
i am going to leave them in there until they can appreciate what it is like to have freedom .
and if this doe not bother them , then i am out of idea .
they were very disrespectful to me , and to the office .
and martin ha had a bad influence , to think that i gave him the benefit of the doubt .
you know what toby ?
i am teaching them a lesson , so .
okay nutcase , get out of there !
why do not you guy head home .
time off for good behavior !
martin went from being a new guy from stamford ... to a convict , to ... my friend .
back to a convict .
then to ... a kind of a nuisance , actually , to be completely honest .
and finally , to ... a quitter .
and i will not miss him .
and that is not because he is black .
deck the hall with bough of holly .
fa la la la la la la la la .
it is the ... ack .
i would like a nice slice of christmas pam .
side of candied pams .
and perhaps , some pam-chops , with mint ... I am looking for the toy drive box .
ok ... well , i need to put this bike in there .
i hope it will fit , with all these little knickknack .
umm ... i do not know ?
well , that is probably from the test drive .
oh pam , that is so sweet .
you did not have to do that .
ok. did everybody get one of these ?
this is going to be the best christmas ever .
my girlfriend carol is coming to our party tonight , and i have a little surprise for her .
I have got two ticket to paradise !
pack your bag , we are leaving the day-after-tomorrow !
um , taking her to sandal , jamaica , all-inclusive .
you know what that mean ?
hello you are about five hour early to the party .
you are such a blonde .
i do not know who you have not met yet , but i think this is one of them .
this is my girlfriend - carol .
this is just the front of her .
show them , show them the other side .
turn around , turn around .
no , you get outta here .
not a much a i need a moment alone with you .
that is my christmas card .
it is a picture of you and me and your kid on a ski trip , having a blast .
yes , but what you did not realize at the time wa that i wa with you in a sense .
i wa in your heart ... and next to your kid .
i do not understand ?
ok no , no no no ok , ok , you know what , you are not thinking straight .
you know what you need ?
you need to think this through in jamaica 's largest fresh water pool .
i got u ticket to sandal , jamaica , we leave day after tomorrow .
you better find the skimpiest bikini there is .
and it is all inclusive .
you walk out that door and it is over .
I would like everybody 's attention .
keep it up stanley and you will lose new year 's .
jim , take new year 's away from stanley .
carol and i split up .
and i just do not think it would be appropriate to celebrate under the circumstance .
well , you know what phyllis ?
all of your guest would have probably canceled at the last minute anyway , leaving your life a stupid rotten mess .
oh , oh , oh , oh , it hurt .
it hurt my heart .
it hurt my stomach .
it hurt my arm .
how did you push away the bad thought ?
like maybe , the real reason they left wa because there were thing they wanted you to do in bed , that were , foreign , and scary ?
and not that you did not want to try them .
some wine may have helped .
do you know what I am referring to ?
take it from toby .
hey , would you like to go to sandal , jamaica with me ?
it is all ... ok. what are you doing ?
i do not have to buy it .
i just want to taste it .
i just ... i just want a little taste of it .
this is an old adage , but they say when you find true love , you know within the first 24 hour .
with carol , i knew within the first 24 minute of the second day i met her .
nothing here to distract myself with anyway .
ah , i need my entourage jim .
c'mon , we are going to asian hooter .
ok , feel better .
c'mon jim , let u go .
because your bros are always there for you .
they have got your back after your ho rip your heart out for no good reason .
and you were nothing but great to your ho and you told her she wa the only ho for you .
and that she wa better than all the other ho in the world .
and then ... and then suddenly she is not yo ' ho no mo ' .
dwight , just , just leave them alone please .
they are on a date .
they look very happy .
carol used to drink latte .
she would get this little foam mustache ... and i used to say `` hey , got latte ? '' and she would say , that is not funny .
she totally got me .
she understood that we did not have to laugh to enjoy -- I am already starting to forget what color eye she had .
i can not , ok , I am going to call her .
i am going to call and find out ... I am just going to call her .
nothing he is doing is cheering me up .
oh , sure you would .
look at you , i bet you break up with a guy every hour .
i do not know .
no one can hear me .
ahh , damn this chicken is good .
my compliment to the chef .
i need some meat .
i want some steak .
excuse me ah , un guard .
i do not think ... i love it !
i do not know what he is doing .
you know what we should do ?
we should invite them to the christmas party .
oh , you are such mench my friend .
ok , where is everybody ?
i would like them to meet my new girlfriend .
the least i could do wa give some poor sick kid a bike .
nah , you rock .
tell you what , if you want it , it is yours .
that is what she said .
i would like everybody to meet my new girlfriend .
wow , i am so sorry , i had no idea this party would be so lame .
oh , party in the break room !
let u go , let u go !
let u go to the break room .
shhh ... shut it !
we are going to ... i just think there are two , two specific kind of people in the world .
people who own house and people who own condo .
and ... my question to you is do you agree ?
do you agree about what ?
you are lucky you are so darn cute .
what are you talking about ?
when you know , you just know .
my little gal over there .
it is ... it is one of those two .
yeah ... well , it is been hard , they are wearing the exact same uniform .
and I have been drinking .
and you know how all waitress look alike .
i honestly do not see what the big deal is .
stevie wonder is married .
are you going to tell me that stevie wonder doe not love his wife just because he is not sure what she look like ?
where is my girl ?
is she in the fridge ?
where is she hiding ?
i do not know where she is .
because I am drunk , i can not even find her .
haha , i do !
i just have not hugged you in awhile oh , good .
hey , hey , you .
no , no , no .
hey , you should stay because we are having fun and ... where do you want to go ?
i ... you know what ?
i , ok , listen .
i really like you .
so much in fact , that i would like you to accompany me on a trip to sandal , jamaica .
ok ... merry christmas .
that waitress wa the one .
how can you be sure ?
do not make fun ... you are making fun of me .
i guess , i did not know her very well .
i marked her arm .
i , i put a mark on her arm .
so i could tell them apart .
i do not ... i know , i know .
i can not believe i gave her my bike !
oh , why do i feel like crap ?
someone else shoot and i take the ball and i score .
well , i guess i did not score and I am not sure who is actually shooting , but , whatever .
it is all good .
or a my ex might say .
domo arigato , mr. scott-of .
yes , i just wanted to see if , uh you would like to come to jamaica with me .
there is this resort called sandal .
i promise you will not be disappointed .
umm , it is all-inclusive ... william randolph shakespeare once wrote in one of his play , and I am paraphrasing here , `` love doth be poison . '' brilliant .
and a lot of people do not give shakespeare enough credit .
they think it wa somebody else .
no , no , no , no .
you know what , i better hold off .
i want to make sure i do not dial carol before i get drunk .
I am going to call her .
that is a good idea .
no , i do not think I am asking too much .
i think it is only fair that you tell me exactly what i did wrong .
well that ... yeah .
well , could you tell me something that i did < i > right < /i > ?
oh , honey , here is stanley .
he is also in an interracial relationship , so , you know , if you have any problem , you can always call him .
okay , let u go .
blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah .
just relax , ok ?
I will get to all of it later .
are not you going to ask me how jamaica wa ?
it wa < i > so < /i > good .
oh , hey mon !
at sandal , jamaica , when somebody say `` hey mon , '' everybody say `` hey mon '' back .
it is really good to see you , too .
ok , well payroll is in charge of all that .
well , i am just getting settled in .
so , I am going to ... you are not a much fun a your jamaican brother ... mon .
feelin ' hot , hot , hot !
feelin ' hot , hot , hot !
feelin ' hot , hot , hot !
feelin ' hot , hot , hot !
that is all i know so far , but I am going to keep practicing .
you know , i had never been out of the country before now ?
got to see how jamaican live .
it is great , you know .
they just relax , they party all the time .
you know what , pam ?
i want u all to start having pina coladas every day at three .
inventory 's at the end of december .
i specifically went on vacation so i would miss it .
in the island , they do not make you do stuff like take inventory .
why do you think so many business move to the cayman ?
tonight , we are going to have an inventory luau .
i want to bring back a little slice of paradise to the dunder mifflin warehouse inventory .
so , party planning committee , get on it .
the jamaican do not have a word for `` impossible . '' how hard is a luau ?
all you need are some grass skirt , pineapple , poi , tiki torch , suckling pig , some fire dancer .
that is all you need .
settling ... and settled .
good , there is something i would like to show everybody .
`` no shirt , no shoe , no problem . '' this is an attitude i would like all of you to have right here .
so what , if we have to stay late to do inventory ?
no , no , no .
no , that is a german woman named urkel grue .
jan told me to play it cool and not tell anybody because it can get u both in trouble .
so officially , i did not see her .
but i did see jan there .
and in the morning .
that is all I am going to say .
i had sex with her .
i had sex with january hey dude .
i just got back from jamaica .
yeah , that sound amazing .
the lady jan levinson wanted to go to montego bay .
well I am looking at a photo , right now .
and I am telling 'ya , could be in maxim .
ok. well , check this out .
i am sending you some email .
ok , wait a second .
i sent it to you at ... < a class= '' __cf_email__ '' data-cfemail= '' 84d4e5e7efe1f6c4c0f1eae0e1f6c9ede2e2e8edeaaae7ebe9aa '' href= '' /cdn-cgi/l/email-protection '' > < /a > < i > packaging < /i > @ dundermifflin.com .
ok , hey , man , how is it going ?
that is great , ok. um , so did you get an email from me ?
ok. well , that wa supposed to go to packer , not `` packaging . '' did you already , um , forward to a whole bunch of people ?
ok. um , well , did you get the second email that i sent ?
explaining that the first email wa a mistake and that you should delete it .
and you sent that out to everyone ?
i have a special assignment for you .
a sensitive email ha been released to the office .
it contains a file , a picture .
the file name is `` jamaican jan sun princess . '' not important .
ok , forget it .
not now , not ever .
aww , none of your business .
that photo is my personal property and if you are telling me you went on my computer and stole that photo , then i am going to call the cop .
this is probably the icebreaker you need .
i bet you would love all the detail , would not you ?
no , no , no .
i am not dating january she wa very clear about that .
just two like soul having a romantic time in the most romantic place on earth .
got enough , weirdo ?
ok. oh , god , no .
tell her I am not here .
tell ... tell her , i ran out for cash .
i hit a deer .
i hit a deer with my car .
tell her i hit a cat .
tell her i hit a cat .
ok. ok. there an accident ?
no , no , no , no , no .
um , apparently , there is an email circulating around that contains a very pg-13 rating picture of me and a woman -- no , kevin .
maybe jan , maybe ... my point is that , if you get it , i would ask that you just delete it .
let u be professional , all right ?
feelin ' ... feelin ' hot , hot , hot !
did she say what it is about ?
there are copy in the bathroom ?
i ... i ... i ... yes .
who is dr. perry ?
i ... and i , to you , in addition , feel the same feeling that you are a well .
so , umm ... thanks for coming by .
so , i , uh ... well thanks for coming over , i appreciate - jan , you ... complete ... me .
i just had the best , most romantic week of my life in sandal , jamaica .
went with a lady , and we laid on the beach and drank fruity drink for free , because it wa all-inclusive .
and then i flew back to scranton , and then they lost one of my bag .
hey , mister tally man , tally me banana , six hand , seven hand , eight hand , brunch !
and every morning i would watch the sunrise and i would eat a mango .
that is how i want to feel all the time .
it is called island living .
you know , how they say take a chill pill ?
in jamaica , i took one .
guy on the beach sold it to me for $ 40 .
and after i finished vomiting , i wa more relaxed than i ever have been .
lost six pound , too .
that is how i want every day to be .
me just got back to the office .
me had an i-rey time .
dwight , please , please .
i just got back from vacation , mon , all right ?
let u do not ... do not harsh my mellow , mon .
i got present for everybody .
dwight , a genuine rastafarian wig .
andy , i got you a genuine jamaican t-shirt .
they love milli vanilli down there .
you are so welcome , mon .
angela , you just got leied .
yes , you did .
oh , pam , i forgot to get you something .
I am just kidding .
coconut for your coconut !
let me know if i miscalculated the size .
i do not think i did .
stanley , i got you some ganja .
I am just kidding .
i bet you wish it wa ganja .
i just got back from vacay .
give me a break , man .
wave over jamaica , $ 6.99 .
okay , let me tell you a little story .
when i wa on vacation , i met a man named bavon .
and bavon take people parasailing .
and you know what he said to me ?
he said that he love going to work every day .
how many of you can say that you love going to work every day like bavon ?
his name is bavon .
and you know what ?
I am sure bavon get sick of his job , too .
I am sure he would like to take a day off .
I am sure he would like to spend a vacation selling paper , but he ha the right attitude .
and that is something that you learn when you go to jamaica , and you really apply yourself .
i would love to take them all to jamaica , but is that good management ?
but is it the best management ?
well , i can not afford it , and corporate will not pay for it .
so who is the real criminal ?
how many of you know the meaning of the jamaican term , hakuna matata ?
i ... oh , that is red eye .
well ... hey , can we just focus ?
well , jan 's email password is not dunder mifflin , sandal , jamaica , michael , michael scott , jan scott , or mrs. jan scott .
her password are not going to be dwight , dwight .
do not you have some sort of chaser or gobbler thing that you can send out that is able to eat up that other email ?
i read about something like that .
well , i am in america and i am online , so i do think it involves you .
and if i were a subscriber , would then you be able to send out the gobbler ?
I would ... yes , i will hold .
stop your mouth , please .
hey , stanley , in case i do not see you again after tonight , here is your bonus , $ 1,000 cash .
the exchange rate is 65-to-1 .
i do not remember in which direction .
yes , good luck with that .
jim , could you come in here please ?
sorry , oh wow , that is so rude .
I am sorry , i can not control him .
oh , that is gross .
dwight , care to join u , finally ?
ok , here is the dream team .
my sale dream team .
today we are going to team up for sale call .
andy , since this wa your idea , you get to pick first .
well , i appreciate that .
that is very gracious of you .
well , thank you sir .
ok , now going by seniority .
phyllis , our resident senior .
next up , superfly himself , stanley .
you can not pas .
you have got to pick somebody .
so that just leaf dwight and jim .
all right everybody , circle up .
you know what this is ?
this is the `` amazing race . '' and you guy are the retired marine .
and you guy are the mother and daughter .
and you guy are the gay couple .
and we are the firefighter hero .
are we ready to go ?
no , we are just going to rush out , do the sale thing , and come back .
it is just ... brrrrrr ... it is `` amazing race , '' phyllis .
we are in team of two and we are on a mission .
all right , so , on your mark , get set , go .
let u do it .
ugh ... that is a long story .
um , couple of month ago , dwight tried to go behind my back with jan and get my job and i am now having him do my laundry a punishment .
the men 's room wa disgusting .
hey , did you catch that up at lake wallenpaupack ?
you know , i used to go up there all the time with my step-dad , and i never caught anything that big .
let u get right down to it .
dunder-mifflin may be just two room and a warehouse , but what we lack in flash , we will make up for with hardwork and decency .
i think what andy is trying to express is that while we have the resource of a large company , we will give you the care and attention of a small company .
do not worry about it .
i do not know .
who know how word are formed .
he did not say .
no , you are remembering it wrong .
dwight betrayed me once before .
so this is his strike two .
you know what they say ?
fool me once , strike one .
but fool me twice , strike three .
where were you this morning ?
why do you lie , liar ?
you are lying right now .
i know that you went to corporate this morning , and i know that you lied about it .
and given our history , i need you tell me this instant exactly what you were doing .
ok , you know what ?
i want you to think about your future in this company .
i want you to think about it long and hard .
do not you dare .
i want to know what you were doing this morning by the end of the day .
yes , dwight schrute ha left this company .
it is a big loss .
dwight wa the top salesman ... i said 'was ' .
what doe that even mean ?
but , there is some good news .
so we are going to have a big party today to welcome him back and hopefully that will lift everybody 's spirit .
hey , what is up .
i do not know .
what is wrong with this thing ?
and you know what ?
ask them about the toy on my desk too .
they always used to arrange them in a very pleasing way .
it used to brighten my morning .
that wa very nice of him .
we need more attitude like that around the office .
yeah , do you ?
what did i say ?
love that andy , right ?
like me a lot .
like a crazy person .
not super crazy ... just ... there is something about him that creep me out .
i can not really explain it .
he is always up in my bidness .
which is ebonics for `` being in my face and annoying the bejesus out of me . '' i do not understand how someone could have so little self-awareness .
no , hey , hey .
do not be ridiculous .
of course we are going to have a party .
a celebration of oscar .
and i want it to be oscar-specific .
no , no , no .
i mean , not because you are gay .
your gayness doe not define you .
your mexican-ness is what defines you to me .
and i think we should celebrate oscar 's mexicanity .
so phyllis ... i want you to go find firecracker .
pam , in the frozen food section , swanson make a delightful chimichanga .
ah , a burro , of course .
if oscar want a donkey , let u get him one .
who is that sportscaster that bit that lady ?
andy is like marv something .
how is the workload on all of dwight 's old account ?
yes , he did .
have any of you talked to dwight ?
do not - do not do that .
that is not nice .
what about you , phyllis ?
you and dwight were close .
nice to have oscar back .
why would dwight do that for you ?
i think i know why .
because dwight love this company .
do you think that anyone else out there would have driven to corporate for you ?
pam , i have a mission to accomplish .
make sure this party get rolling and i will be back shortly .
i do not want to do any of that .
no , just stop .
you are going to drive me crazy .
it take a big man to admit his mistake .
and i am that big man .
angela from accounting told me what you did .
yes , she did .
and dwight , if you were willing to do something like that for some random co-worker , then clearly i have misjudged you from the beginning , and i apologize .
how is this place treating you ?
so , maybe you should come back .
you should come back .
we can talk about that .
may i present ... mr. dwight schrute !
okay , dwight , you can let go of her hand .
you are going to break it .
not bad , huh ?
i will shake mine and then you will shake yours .
so doe this remind you of your childhood right now ?
wow , that is- thanks so much .
and now , lady and gentleman , the big finale !
sir , would you do the honor ?
it take a big man to admit his mistake and that is what i did .
the important thing is i learned something .
i do not want somebody sucking up to me because they think I am going to help their career .
i want them sucking up to me because they genuinely love me .
if you are watching this , that mean I am already dead .
life is a road -- how , would you stop interrupting please ?
yesterday i wa scraping some gunk off my wall socket with a metal fork and i gave myself the nastiest shock .
and when i came to , i had an epiphery .
and if i die i want my son to know the dealio .
the dealio of life .
here are some thing that i want to teach you that your mother will not be able to .
to jump start a car , first pop the hood .
then you take these bad boy and clip them anywhere on the engine .
then you take these and clip them wherever .
number eight , learn how to take off a woman 's bra .
we will demonstrate on pam .
you just twist your hand until something break .
well you get the picture .
and remember no matter what , i will always love you .
he is not going to be a murderer .
you know what , dwight , do you want to do this , or no ?
a you know , we are six day away from phyllis ' wedding .
so get your suit to the dry cleaner and get your hair did .
and karen , um , you might want to invest in a dress or a skirt of some kind if you do not already have one .
this may be phyllis ' only wedding ever .
it is my job to ensure that none of you look like ragamuffin .
so i am instituting prima nocta .
i had a very different understanding a to what prima nocta meant .
I am trying to get everyone excited about phyllis ' wedding because i want her to get people excited about my wedding when the time come .
which will not be hard , because it is going to be awesome .
a lot better than hers , that is for sure .
it will probably be on a boat .
what is up spinster ?
the guy are having a little shindig of their own in the warehouse .
from 2:30 to 3:15. it is the only time that bob wa available .
sort of a guy 's night out .
a g-n-of if you will .
actually , it is more of a guy 's afternoon in .
not- not- it is uh , not gay , it is just a , it is a bridal shower for guy .
an hour long shower with guy .
oh god- no , no , no !
i can not believe you are not going to be there .
it is going to be good , it is going to be a great bachelor party man .
you should get out of them .
it is the only time he can do it .
2:30 to 3:15. it is going to be great .
we are going to be doing some dart , we are going to be grilling up some steak , got some pie .
going to be very delicious .
i did not order a stripper .
um , not personally , no .
i can not get a stripper here .
so that is what that mean .
okay everybody , slight change of plan , we are still going to be having two party but each is going to get a little extra dose of naught-ay .
co-ed naked stripper in this office .
ryan and i are going to go get some supply and i need you to handle hiring the stripper .
well get on it .
and make it happen .
I am in the , I am in the sex shop .
and you think that would be sexy ?
you wearing a thong ?
who here is a history buff ?
who is a fan of buff naked ?
without further ado , the one , the only , the sexy mr. benjamin franklin .
half pant , right mr. franklin ?
he is in his knickers .
mr. franklin , i would say you are probably one of the sexiest president ever .
yes , but , ben franklin wa .
and when they came over on the mayflower .
yeah , alright , so i want you to give him your undivided attention and mr. franklin , if any of these lady misbehave i give you permission to spank them .
nothing like grilling in the great outdoors .
but i got all the foot off of it .
it is what is for dinner !
who want some man meat ?
well then my man meat , he shall have .
ah , gentleman , the entertainment is here .
everybody I would like to introduce you to elizabeth .
he is right there .
alright , I will do it .
let u do it .
let u do this thing .
you smell like tide detergent .
do you use tide detergent ?
i have a girlfriend so ... yeah she probably , yeah she would be .
you know what , okay , excuse me .
please stop it , stop it .
turn off the music .
this is wrong , this is wrong !
i have a girlfriend .
and you are engaged and I am sure you have a boyfriend in prison or something so let u just clear out okay .
go back to work !
on one hand i want to be honest with jan and tell her the truth but on the other hand I am afraid she is going to dump me .
well , ben franklin , you are really kind of a sleezebag .
could i ask you a question about woman ?
um , should i tell my girlfriend that you danced up on me ?
not really , look i do not know how to say this so i just will .
i went to a bachelor party and thing got a little out of hand .
no , today at work .
i kind of arranged it .
so you do not want to end our relationship ?
that is so sweet .
you are the best gd girlfriend in the world .
do you know that ?
so you know who turned out to be kind of a creep ?
and elizabeth the stripper gave me great advice .
really make you wonder how ben franklin can become president , but someone like elizabeth can not .
always the bridesmaid , right lady ?
phyllis is getting married .
and i am in the wedding party .
she ha asked me to push her father 's wheelchair down the aisle .
so , basically , i am co-giving away the bride .
since i pay her salary it is like I am paying for the wedding .
which I am happy to do .
it is a big day for phyllis .
but it is an even bigger day for me .
employer of the bride .
i swear phyllis you are a beautiful a the first day you started work at dunder mifflin .
if you need to vomit , that is ok. i did .
do you want to talk about tonight ?
you are probably worried about pleasing bob .
a lot of pressure .
phyllis , did you break wind ?
it is okay , if you did .
it is a very natural reaction .
it is your wedding .
and you are nervous ... okay ... umm ... I am sure that bob ... wow .
that is ... that is pungent .
i lost my train of thought .
aaah ... are you set on that hairstyle ?
here , let me ... just cover up that bald patch .
you might be surprised to learn that I have only been to one other wedding .
it is actually a very cute story .
my mom wa marrying jeff .
and they asked me to be ring bearer .
i wa understandably emotional and somehow my pant became wet .
long story short : jeff 's dog ended up a ring bearer .
and the irony is that after the ceremony that dog peed on everything and nobody said 'boo ' .
this strappy young lad sitting here is phyllis ' father , albert , and he is quite the lady ' man , are not you albert , hah ?
i could have done better .
i will do better .
i am going to be better .
i can not believe I am actually doing this !
are you ready for this , albert ?
let u do it .
that is ok. this is bull * * * * !
me walking phyllis down the aisle wa supposed to be the highlight of the wedding .
and now ... the wedding ha no highlight .
i can not believe i pushed that ... that guy 's lazy as around all day ... until he wa ready to stand up and steal the show .
that is ... well ... i got news for you , albert .
if that is your real name .
the show 's not over .
lady and gentleman , may i present to you for the first time a a couple , mr. and mrs. bob vance !
oh , shiii ... lady and gentleman , for the first time a a couple , mr. and mrs. bob vance .
that is what I am talking about !
you are a good man .
but just know ... if you ever lay a finger on phyllis , i will kill you .
no finger will be laid on phyllis .
oh , decided to sit down again , huh ?
bet you can hear me , too .
are you happy with everything ?
what can i do to make it more perfecter ?
I am already on it .
i sent it back .
i will take care of that .
i know a fair amount about fine food ... and drink .
this is a white .
thank you , randy .
thank you very much .
hi , I am michael scott and for the next forty minute , I am going to be your tour guide through the life of phyllis lapin and bob vance .
one of the great , seemingly impossible , love story of our time .
my name is michael scott .
webster 's dictionary defines `` wedding '' a the fusing of two metal with a hot torch .
well , you know something .
i think you guy are two metal .
for those of you who do not know me , I am michael scott , phyllis ' bos .
to quote from the princess bride `` mawige ... the most important part of a speech is the opening line .
when time is not a factor , i like to try out three or four different one .
phyllis and bob : their celebrity couple name would be phlob .
you look at her ... and she is kind of matronly today , but back in high school , i swear , her nickname wa 'easy rider ' .
now a for bob ... bob vance ... is a guy that ... he work ... okay hold , hold on , hold on .
i did not say anything when phyllis ' dad upstaged me at the ceremony .
and i think you owe me this .
I am not going to ... ok. all right .
you are out of here !
you are ... yeah .
come ... come on !
dwight , just ... look , i just wanted to go in and quietly sit and have a piece of cake .
I am not even going to dance one song .
ok. ee ... i wa meant for you ... buppity du bom bu .
i just want phyllis to have a great day .
we are great together .
we are a great team .
i should talk to her .
i do not want this to ruin her honeymoon .
dude , keep it together .
i listened to you for half an hour even though most of that stuff went right over my head .
i just ... i just wanted to make this a day to remember .
he is kind of a weirdo .
you are ... you are welcome .
they say that your wedding day go by in such a flash that your lucky if you even get a piece of your own cake .
i say that is crazy .
i say let them eat cake .
margaret thatcher said that about marriage .
you look like a clown !
oh hey , kevin , nice of you to join u , where were you ?
why is today a special day ?
today 's a special day , because i am being honored a a ... visiting ... professor , special lecturer , emeritus ... how did you , how did you ... in business school , kevin .
a bos is like a teacher .
and i am like the cool teacher .
mr. handell would hang out with u , and he would tell u awesome joke .
and he actually hooked up with one of the student .
um ... and then like twelve other kid came forward .
it wa in all the paper .
... really ruined eighth grade for u .
got to bring our ... a game .
what wa the most inspiring thing I have ever said to you ?
will they throw their hat , you think ?
a lot of time , at a ... school , or naval academy , after a rousing speech , the crowd would throw it hat high into the air .
yeah , i know , i know .
I am just saying if they did throw their hat I have got a great line for that : `` may your hat fly a high a your dream . '' ... that wa a pretty good line .
relax , spazzy boy .
sometimes you are such a little spaz !
brings back so many memory .
... that i would have made .
what do you say we get our fri on before class ?
okay , this is it .
ryan is doing my intro right now .
i can not hear what he is saying , but he look like he is really into it .
hello everyone , i am michael scott .
and i would like to start today by inspiring you .
may i borrow someone is textbook , please ?
what have we here ?
very , very interesting .
you can not learn from book .
replace these page with life lesson , and then , you will have ... a book ... that is worth it weight in gold .
i know these are expensive , um , but the lesson is priceless .
i think you are inspired .
there are four kind of business : tourism .
railroad , and sale .
and hospital slash manufacturing .
so , you want to start a business .
how do you start ?
what do you need ?
well , first of all , you need a building .
and secondly , you need supply .
you need something to sell .
now this could be anything .
it could be ... a ... thingamajig .
or a ... a whosi-whatsi .
or ... a whatchamacallit .
now , you need to sell those in order to have a payday .
and , if you sell enough of them , you will make a 100 grand .
okay , I am seeing some confused ... face out there .
let me slow down a little bit .
the more sticker you sell , the more profit , fancy word for money , you have to buy playstations and beanie baby .
well ... okay , i wa just kind of getting it going .
well , okay , we can do question .
we can not overestimate the value of computer .
yes , they are great for playing game and forwarding funny email .
but real business is done on paper , okay ?
... i say you will miss our service , and i absolutely guarantee you will come back .
... we do not want them back , because they are ... stupid .
nice try , how is your pollack-says-what index ?
um , can we get on track here ?
... wait , ryan said that ?
yeah sure , you know business , sitting up here in your ivory tower .
and your ebony tower .
tell you one thing , dunder-mifflin is here to stay .
david will always beat goliath .
you know what else is facing five goliath ?
al-qaeda , global warming , sex predator ... mercury poisoning .
so do we just give up ?
is that what we are learning in business school ?
dunder-mifflin is the big picture !
can not you understand that ?
no , you can not .
you are too young .
ryan ... ha never made a sale .
and he started a fire trying to make a cheesy pita .
and everybody think he is a tease .
well you know what ?
he doe not know anything , and neither do you .
so suck on that !
business is always personal .
it is the most personal thing in the world .
when we get back to the office , pack your thing .
you heard me , pack your thing .
no , no no .
you are moving ... to the annex .
a good manager doe not fire people .
he hire people and inspires people .
... people , ryan .
and people will never go out of business .
sorry I am late , i had to race across town .
you did these ... freehand ?
my god , these could be tracing !
look at this one .
i do not see a ... price .
yeah , we have to have it for the office .
i mean , there is my ... window , and there is my car !
that is our building ... and we sell paper .
... i am really proud of you .
do you want half ?
it is ... a message .
it is an inspiration , it is ... a source of beauty .
and without paper , it could not have happened .
unless , you had a camera .
well ultimately i went into business to inspire people .
they say those who can not do , teach .
i can do both .
that is a lot of book , do you have , umm , one book that sum up all of these .
oh , umm , ever since i started here , I have kept a diary of all my sale .
no , it is just mileage mostly , but there is one chapter that i call wisdom .
I am going to read you a series of statement , and i want you to tell me , on a scale of one to ten , how smart they are .
do not do what i say , say what i do .
just getting warmed up .
mistake are just success that you mess up .
this ... you know this is a scale of one to ten ?
ok. do you want me to repeat that ?
everybody please stand , and get up on your desk .
just stand right up .
that is , yep a little flimsy .
umm ... ok ... ahh ... alright , no more desk .
oh ok. i have a lot of big idea , and the trick is to get it out of my brain and into theirs , in a way that is easy to swallow .
simple ... kid love candy bar .
let u try a little ... little social experiment here .
raise your hand if you like to buy thing .
ok , i see some people who like to buy thing .
you are it , you are the reason this world roll along , give yourselves a round of applause .
say , say you want to start a business , and business is all about buying and selling , is it not ?
so say you want to sell lemonade , or sticker .
something you have to keep in mind , you must , and you might want to jot this down , you must sell the sticker for more than you bought the sticker for .
oh , oh , i take umbrage to that premise ... s .
umm , let me ask you this : how many people exist in the world ?
what are they going to be writing on ... rock ?
no no no no no .
never follow , always lead .
ok. bop bop de bope bop bop bop bop bop .
you only have me for a limited time ... yes .
how can i put this ?
that question make you sound gay .
can you confirm that the strap are tight ?
and now , the chain .
a lot of people think that magic camp is just for kid .
and that is why so many other people in my class were kid .
it is um , it is really for anybody with a dream and a belief in magic and a little extra time after school .
magic magic magic magic magic magic ... and now , michael the magic , will attempt to escape from extreme bondage .
can he do it ?
i do not see how he can .
everyone , now count down with me .
i will get out .
oh yes , i will .
alright , this is getting hot .
so let u just do this .
three , two , one , go .
i can not tell you how i plan to escape .
other than by using magic .
that is the magician 's code .
separately , on an unrelated note , if you happen to find a small brass key ... alright .
early worm get the worm .
pam , would you smell my breath ?
`` michael , you go to party all the time , why is tonight so special ? '' well , tonight is so special because my bos 's bos 's bos , the cfo , not his initial , common mistake , is having a little shindig for all the manager in the company .
and jan and i are going a a couple .
for the first time .
so it is kind of our coming out party .
and that is why tonight is so special .
jimbo , last chance to carpool .
might be a good idea .
go in together , could save some gas , have some fun , long trip .
really did not give it any thought .
wait , should you be going ?
i am on my way .
i should be there in about 15 ... that is what she said .
uh , yes you are .
ok. ok. january jan ?
this party is actually a really big step for u .
so , i ... ummm ... i do not know .
ok , change shirt with me .
i do not care .
do not put my jacket .
do not give me that .
actually , it is polite to arrive early .
only really good friend show up early .
go to a party really early .
become a really good friend .
oh , um , potato salad .
no , it is not .
oh , you probably want to leave the cover on until the guest get here .
it is been sitting in my car all day .
sun beating down on the mayonnaise .
just , you never know .
what are you looking for ?
I am going to frame mine .
i could frame yours too .
you do not have to , january this contract say it all .
it is a heart .
i love this woman !
boy , you clean up good .
place look great with all the light on .
actually look bigger with people in it .
so ... jan and i are lover .
it feel so good to finally say that out loud .
mike myers , snl .
you should ask karen , she wa one of them .
yeah , but you are great now , right ?
we are all great .
are not we great ?
i could go for an appeteaser .
bagel bite or something .
that is not appropriate .
david , how much did this house cost ?
here is to mr. iacocca and his failed experiment , the de lorean .
do you have any ice ?
how about some splenda ?
this one really smell like vanilla .
you and the miss should join u at sandal jamaica next christmas .
oh yeah , they do not allow kid at sandal .
they are persona non gratis ... there .
but it is fun .
it is an awesome place .
you would not believe how low this girl can limbo .
what is going on ?
what are you doing ?
yes , but you could tell me .
what ... what is that ?
why are we going in the bathroom ?
i thought this is where you liked your privacy .
what ha gotten into you ?
no , no , no .
come on , let u go back to the party .
do not take that dress .
stop it , january no , no , no , mean please do not .
I am not going to slam you up against the wall .
you are acting inappropriate .
january rachel think that i brought homemade potato salad and i just picked it up at the supermarket .
i wish i could make potato salad that good .
it is just potato and mayonnaise .
there is something wrong with january our first fight .
if this is about what happened in the bathroom , there wa no place to cuddle ... you did not have any of the potato salad did you ?
well , if that is the way you feel , my lady , then you have hurt me greatly .
I am not going to cry .
i feel like it but i am not going to .
why do not you just take your stupid love contract and tear it up into a million little piece .
i want the house , january i want the picket fence .
i want the ketchup fight and the tickling , and the giggling .
that is all , you did not mean it ?
i love you , january what a weird day .
i do not understand it , but you do not get to understand everyday of your life .
maybe five , ten day a year , I will get home and i will have no idea what the hell just happened .
guess everybody ha day like that .
sometimes they are the nicest one .
still , i think there might be something wrong with january no need for consternation , everything is under control .
it wa a crime of passion , jan , not a disgruntled employee .
everyone here is extremely gruntled .
no ... no , he ha been wanting a raise for a couple of month and he is just using this roy thing a leverage .
i do not ... remember .
yeesh ... ok i want you to be darryl and ask me for a raise , because i want to try out some of these negotiation tactic on you .
wikipedia ... is the best thing ever .
anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject , so you know you are getting the best possible information .
ok , darryl , ask me for a raise .
hmm , well that is interesting darryl .
i think ... that maybe you should ... what I am saying is that , ok , see what i did ?
by leaning back , and by whispering , i established a dominant physical position .
ok , let u try another one .
um ... walking out of the room unexpectedly .
it is a surprise .
go ahead , ask me for a raise .
no , what did you say ?
oh it ... sounded interesting ... what you were going to ... yeah .
yes , yeah , absolutely .
actually , let u go into the conference room .
no , you know what ?
let u stay here .
no let u go ... yeah let u go to the conference room .
change the location of the meeting at the last second .
totally throw them off .
number 14 , declining to speak first .
make them feel uncomfortable , put you in control .
i am declining to speak first .
you are a good worker , and a good man .
i just , you know , time are tight .
and i just do not think corporate is going to go for this right now .
no , this is a power suit .
i do not buy woman 's clothes .
i would not make that mistake again .
alright , you know what ?
pam , could you please tell darryl that this is not a woman 's suit ?
no , i do , i , i wear men 's suit , ok ?
i got this out of a bin .
there were these huge bin of clothes , and everybody wa rifling through them like crazy , and i grabbed one .
so i do not think that this is totally just a woman 's suit .
at the very least it is bisexual .
and it is mysterious because the button are on the wrong side ... that is the mystery .
would you stop it , please ?
it is european , ok ?
it is a european cut .
no , they do not .
italian do not wear pocket .
no , i do not want to do that because I am twice your size anyway .
um , let u just do this in 15 minute .
negotiation are all about controlling thing .
about being in the driver 's seat .
and make one tiny mistake , you are dead .
i made one tiny mistake .
i wore woman 's clothes .
let u get down to business .
why do not you tell me why you think you deserve a raise .
that wa a very good point .
you make a very compelling argument .
i am going to give you a piece of paper .
i want you to write down how much you want , and i want you to slide it back across the desk to me .
because , that is the way these thing are done .
no , slide -- slide it , yes .
i ... i can not give you that , i -- i do not make this much .
want me to prove it to you ?
there is ... a pay stub .
plus perk , yes .
no , please , please ... ok , let u take 15 , again .
a bos 's salary is not just about money , it is about perk .
it ... for example , every year i get a $ 100 gas card ... can not put a price tag on that .
oh , thank you .
i did not give you $ 40 .
okay , here is the straight ... dope .
i talked to corporate , and they told me that i can only give you a 5 % raise .
well what am i supposed to do ?
I am not going to go out and ask for a raise right now .
i have been a loyal employee for a long time .
i deserve a bump .
i am makin ' it happen , sergeant .
no , january I have never asked for a raise in 14 year .
this is long overdue .
i want to do it today .
I will leave right away .
yes , I am bringing darryl .
hey , I would rather kill myself .
no , toby is terrible .
toby is the worst human being I have ever known .
toby , come on .
I am going to smack you in the head with a hammer .
come on , let u go .
do not ever touch a black man 's radio !
< i > rush hour < /i > .
i will not touch yours , by the way .
well ... mm , the big apple .
maybe I will stay .
well ... oh , i ... pippity poppity , give me the zoppity .
who is the boy toy ?
were you going to tell me that you hired james van der beek ?
be nice to get a memo , we are lover .
after all we have been through ?
i got you ... jade earring .
you going to play it like this ?
you give me a good raise , or no more sex .
what are you writing , perv-ball ?
why do not you just take that pen and stab me in the heart .
this is me , january this is me !
okay , no , no , no , no .
you do not try tactic number eight on me .
i invented tactic number eight .
I am not going anywhere .
it wa a weird day .
and then darryl made me feel bad for not making any money .
and then i had to ride up here with stupid toby .
and then , your assistant , is all young and hot .
and i -- well that is ridiculous I am not going to make -- ah , so ... all right , levinson .
here is the rub .
i would like a 15 % raise .
but you just said 15. negotiation is an art .
and today , both darryl and i took something .
but you know , life is about more ... than just salary .
it is about perk .
like having sex with jan- look , i am not a gazillionaire .
i can not ... i can not dress like donald trump dress .
i have to stay within the parameter of my budget .
i can not shop at a fancy norwegian boutique .
i buy my suit the old fashioned way .
i buy them from discount store ... or on ebay .
and when i found out that ross wa having a midnight madness sale , i ran , not walked , a per the instruction on the flier .
and i got there , and when the door opened , all of these woman ran to this one bin .
and i did too .
and i grabbed this suit .
and a woman , sort of a , i do not know , missy elliot type , grabbed the jacket .
and , uh , we had kind of a heated tug of war .
and i could tell by the way she wa screaming that this must be a get .
and i figured she wa just buying it for her husband , to answer your question from before .
um , anyway , she s ... socked me , in the eye .
and she got it , she got the suit .
but , i went to the ross , in trenton new jersey , and i found the exact same suit .
and i did not have to deal with missy elliot .
today is safety training day .
toby is leading ours upstairs .
but , i am giving everyone a little bit of a treat .
we are going to listen in on darryl 's presentation to the warehouse .
and if i know darryl , it going to be zoppity .
i can , and i have .
guy , I am not the only one who is driven the forklift .
pudge ha driven the forklift .
i thought your name wa pudge ?
`` hey darryl , how is it hangin ' ?
i hardly know her .
but it would not be the worst thing in the world ... if somebody ... it is a big red trash compactor !
... only on the rarest of occasion ... ... would i go near -- toby now ha the floor ... and he is going to try not to screw this up , like everything else in his life .
let me rephrase that .
i believe that you can do safety training and make it sound just a good a darryl .
like stretching and ... wow , that is ... that time really add up .
that is like ... a half an hour , every hour ?
ok , you know what ?
you are making it sound kind of lame .
so , skip ahead to the really dangerous stuff .
like sometimes computer can explode , can they not ?
ok , you know what ?
i think that everybody is going to vomit due to boredom .
sorry , he is very lame .
um , let u see .
`` seasonal affective disorder !
a depression that includes weight gain , fatigue , irritability , brought on by the low light of winter . '' ok guy , you know what ?
i did not -- i did not interrupt when you were having your presentation .
okay , let u do another one .
this is a good one .
`` a particular concern for office worker is a sedimentary life style , which can contribute -- '' yes .
`` which can contribute to heart disease . '' heart disease kill more people that balers .
mmmm , no , no , it is ... sedentary ... no .
darryl , i did not walk out in the middle of yours .
so , i -- okay .
... what , nerf is not cool anymore ?
darryl think he is such a man because he work in a warehouse .
i worked in a warehouse .
i wa a greeter .
I would like to see darryl greet people .
probably make them feel like wimp .
not me , i ... `` hello , I am michael .
welcome to men 's warehouse .
we have a special on khaki pant today . '' ... this is one example .
pam , depression is a scary a a baler , right ?
working in an office can lead to depression .
which can lead to suicide .
i mean this is really serious stuff .
i -- i -- nobody commits suicide because they work with a baler , and yet those guy are makin ' fun of me , calling me a nerf , that ... yeah ... you are ... ah , so right .
they had visual aid .
and all we had were the fact .
you do not go to the science museum and get handed a pamphlet on electricity .
you go to the science museum and you put your hand on a metal ball , your hair stick up straight ... and you know science .
they use visual aid , and they just made u look like dope .
i do not know , i do not know .
because you know what our killer is ?
depression -- nn -- depression .
you may be asking yourself , `` what am i doing on a trampoline ? '' well , i thought I would bounce here for a while , relieve some stress , and then move on with my day .
here is the plan .
dwight , is going to gather all of the office worker and all of the warehouse guy , we are going to have another safety seminar .
only this time , where is michael ?
he is on the roof !
now i have got their attention .
i ... tell them , about the cold hard fact of depression .
and then i say , `` hey !
you ever seen a suicide ? '' and i jump .
and they freak out .
and they get to see ... the danger of depression with their own eye .
nice side note : they might think `` hey , i should have been nicer to michael . '' but that is ... not why I am doing this ... then , i land on the trampoline , take a couple extra bounce for fun .
i climb off , walk around the corner ... ta-freakin'-da !
maybe we should test it first .
throw a tv over , or ... go buy some watermelon .
just ... let u do it !
deactivate the car alarm .
clean up the mess .
find out whose car that is .
if it is stanley 's , call the office of james p. albini , see if he handle hate crime .
also , take apart the trampoline , stick it in the baler .
have pa-adge do it , or ... the sea monster .
yes , thank you for seeing that .
i do not know if i want to do this .
the test are going terrible .
if we keep doing it , we are not going to want to jump .
this is about doing , not thinking .
rock n ' roll !
i am not thinking .
i am ready to do this !
i am ready to make a point !
oh , my life ... everything 's wrong .
the stress of my modern office , ha caused me to go into a depression .
dwight , you ignorant slut .
depression is a very serious illness .
over 32 thousand people commit suicide every year !
according to a 2004 study !
my head is in such pain !
wait , where are the warehouse guy ?
okay ... that is ... that is the whole point , dummy .
oooooh , my life !
everything is wrong , dwight .
the stress of my modern office , ha made me depressed .
dwight , you ignorant slut .
and that is why , i am going to jump off this roof !
dwight , find out what the present is .
dwight , you are such a liar .
pam , really , what is it ?
you told me , that i lead a ... cushy , wimpy , nerf life .
what do i have to live for ?
it is complicated with january and i do not know where i stand , or what i want .
the sex is not nearly a good a it used to be .
do you really mean that ?
I am braver than you ?
pam , I am coming down to get my present .
an office ... is a safe a the people in it .
and sometimes those people can drive you to do crazy thing to show the danger of the office .
that is the danger i found myself in today .
i saved a life .
am i a hero ?
i really can not say .
ok , come on everybody , go time .
pam let u go .
do not worry pam , you will be answering phone for the rest of your life ... your long lovely life .
like we are going to the science museum .
I have been told that I am a tactile learner .
kelly , ryan look great .
you should be thankful that you ... i ... sum it up darryl , sum it up .
we got beat today , dwight .
but it wa not a fair fight .
it wa the warehouse guy ... ... dwight , they embarrassed u ... ... because they had a much scarier safety presentation .
you know what is funny ?
when a cat get stuck in a washing machine .
you know what is not funny ?
safety , or making fun of the person trying to talk about safety .
i must show people how dangerous office can be .
high five ... now that is funny .
how do you make depression sexy ?
how do you ... how do you get people interested in depression ?
that is the conon ... the conun ... the conumbery those warehouse guy , think that we are all flabby , middle management , nerf ball .
well I am going to show them that we have nerfs of steel .
you know drew , why do not you go inside .
where should we put this ?
want to take our time , do this right .
I am going to wait .
i do not want to say this twice , it is too painful and I am too depressed .
i will miss you the most ryan .
coal miner , crab fisherman , dog the bounty hunter , all dangerous job .
but also upper middle management .
i could have fallen off a roof today ... and you do not worry about falling off a roof when you work on a crab boat ... and there are no roof in coal mine .
well , we are going to recalling all of that paper .
we have a crisis .
apparently , a disgruntled employee at the paper mill decided that it would be funny to put an obscene watermark on our 24 pound cream butter stock .
five hundred box ha gone out , with the image of a beloved cartoon duck , performing ... unspeakable act upon a certain cartoon mouse that a lot of people like .
I have never been a fan .
no time to lose .
f and c , doubletime .
twice a fast a you would normally go .
to save time , jim .
bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh !
i really think you screwed the pooch on one , creed .
because of you , the entire company is in jeopardy .
we have a lot of angry customer out there .
this put u at threat level midnight .
accounting , you are on customer service duty today .
< i > midnight , oscar ! < /i > do not worry , kelly will be training you first .
jim , big fire in your house .
your client , dunmore high-school , sent out their prom invitation on this paper .
went home to all the kid .
no , no , no , no .
this is a keystone account .
i want you in the school .
i want you to bring a partner .
no , sweet cheek .
we need someone who is actually made a sale .
andy , you go .
i need two men on this .
that is what she said .
guy , get on this .
dwight , i want you to be in charge of the press conference .
the press is just going to find out by themselves .
here is the thing .
when a company screw up , best thing to do is call a press conference .
alert the medium , and then you control the story .
wait for them to find out , and the story control you .
that is what happened to of.j .
i have invited barbara allen , one of our oldest client , to come in here , and meet with me , for a personal apology .
the press want a story , i will give them a story .
< i > here < /i > is your headline .
`` scranton area paper company , dunder mifflin , apologizes to valued client .
some company still know how business is done . '' okay ?
battle station everybody , let u go , go , go , go , go , go !
ok , press conference in 45. dwight , make sure this place look nice .
mrs. allen is our most important client ... because every client is our most important client .
even though she is a pretty unimportant client , really .
and so , with the eye of the nation upon u , i would like to say that dunder mifflin truly regret this unfortunate incident .
and , a a gesture of gratitude , for your continued loyalty , mrs. allen , i would like to present you with this novelty check , for six month of free paper or 25 ream , whichever come first .
so , let u consider this matter ended .
i know , i know you are angry .
and we are truly , truly sorry .
well , we are extremely sorry .
we ... are going to do everything humanly possible , to ensure that this never happens again .
the watermark ... it is a one time thing .
ok ... what ... can i do , for you ?
well ... ok , well ... um , wa not really my fault .
the guy at the papermill -- the guy at the papermill -- no no no !
< i > I am < /i > the head of the company ? !
no , I am a regional manager -- no -- my -- ok , this is insane .
you can get out of here .
we will give this to somebody who will appreciate it .
yeah , well I am calling the ungrateful bi-atch hotline !
did you get all that ?
we got to do something .
this is spinning out of control , pam .
this is just , not ... no , then newsweek pick it up .
and then cnn doe a story about it .
then ... youtube get a hold of it ... you are right .
it will blow over .
but it is not ... going to take ... a week or two .
do you know what this is for ?
ok , i think that is good .
i am michael scott , regional manager of dunder mifflin scranton .
by now you are probably sick of hearing about dunder mifflin and our embarrassing watermark boner .
let me tell you something .
something from the heart .
i am not leaving this office .
it will take a swat team , to remove me from this office , and maybe not even that . '' that is how devoted i am to this job .
i understand that , dwight .
do you think you are taking it a little ... literally , dwight ?
and now we are wasting tape .
I am going to have to cut this all out .
can you say cut ?
so I will know where -- I am asking pam to do it , please .
five , four , three .
`` there is no way , i will resign .
it would not be fair .
not to the good worker i work with , not to my client , and especially not to me .
let u not forget who this whole resigning business is about , anyway .
if i could leave you with one thought , remember ... it wa not me .
they are trying to make me an escape goat .
if i am fired , i swear to god , that every single piece of copier paper in this town is going to have the f-word on it .
you have one day . '' that is ... they always give an ultimatum .
the key to a crisis is dealing with it right away .
like that aspirin company that sent out the poisoned aspirin in the regular aspirin bottle .
if you do not act fast , you will lose customer .
with dissatisfied client , it doe not matter what you did .
all they want to hear is that you are sorry .
they are like woman that way .
and this client is a woman .
so when i say I am sorry , it will be twice a effective .
so we are good ?
we are infinitely sorry .
you ... you get this check .
the customer is always right .
mrs. allen wa our customer .
is that a contradiction ?
because she is not our customer anymore .
happy birthday , belatedly .
i had put it on my calendar and pam threw that out .
and without denying the seriousness of the situation , i would just like to remind you that in much of the netherlands , swimming naked is the norm .
so in norway , you would be the weirdo .
okay , that is enough aqua net .
i have literally apologized an infinite number of time on this , and there are still call for me to resign .
call from an annoying woman , and possibly even the medium alike .
well let me tell you something , something from the heart .
i will not resign .
i need this job .
my mortgage is hundred of dollar a month .
with this job , i can barely cover that .
i have a company car , but i still have to pay for gas , and gas price are high .
and i have no saving whatsoever .
and it wa not even me .
it is so not fair that they want me to resign .
ok. phyllis , you say ?
um ... i mean did he even see pam ?
or , uh ... karen from behind ?
it is pretty funny when you think about it .
oh , ok. master of comedy .
a guy dropped his pant .
have you ever been to the circus ?
ok. he is back !
oh , phyllis got flashed .
it is , uh ... oh , come on .
we are laughing at phyllis , but she is not even here , so no harm , no foul .
incidentally , where were you during all of this ?
maybe you are the flasher .
let u see your penis .
i ... you know , a that wa coming out of my mouth , i knew that it wa wrong .
in all the excitement , i forgot that my primary goal is to keep people safe .
woman can not have fun if they do not feel safe .
for example , jan and i have a safe word in case thing go too far .
and if one of u say that word , the other one ha to stop .
although last time ... she pretended she did not hear me .
i do not know .
i feel ... i drive a lot .
I am spending a fortune on gas and toll - um , that ... i do not know .
that make me kind of uncomfortable .
i ... uh , well , i do not know .
i am sick over this thing .
those people out there are clearly afraid .
and that can not happen .
not in my house .
ok. this is the last < i > thing < /i > that phyllis need to see right now , dwight .
dwight , are those your pant ?
that is a polaroid .
dwight ha something he would like to say .
ok , you know something , dwight ?
we are not the terrorist .
why do not you just take these woman , put them in a burlap sack , and hit them with a stick ?
because that is what you are doing .
i celebrate these woman .
they deserve the right to dress a they please .
if pam want to show more cleavage , she should be able to .
that is what we are talking about .
did you hear that , dwight ?
r-e-s-p-svee-t. find out what it mean to me .
all right , you know what ?
conference room , five minute .
oh , i do not know , james .
did i come from a woman ?
have i slept with a woman ?
that is not current .
i am the expert .
i will conduct it .
i know the crap out of woman .
i , um ... would like to apologize for all of the men who thought this wa a laughing matter .
nobody like to be flashed .
when meredith flashed me at that christmas party , i nearly vomited .
ok , no catfights .
let u - my point is ... my point is ... a penis , when seen in the right context , is the most wonderful sight for a woman .
but in the wrong context , it is like a monster movie .
ok , so what i want to engage u in today is a hardcore discussion about woman 's problem and issue and situation .
magazine and tv show and movie portray woman a skinny , tall goddess .
well , look around .
are woman like that ?
no , they are not .
even the hot one are not really that skinny .
so what doe that say ?
that say that you woman are up against it .
and it is criminal .
society doe not care .
i do not even consider myself a part of society .
because i am so angry over all of this .
that wa not necessary , but i appreciated it .
and i prof my point .
woman can do anything .
I am being misogynistic .
i am not being sexist .
because wha ... that wa one possible explanation a to why you got that haircut .
i have to know whether you are serious or not .
ye - ok , yes .
you are right , you are right .
and you know why ?
it is because of where we are .
this is a masculine environment .
we need to find a place where you feel comfortable .
you know where we are going to go ?
ok , let u go , lady of dunder-mifflin .
hey , we should have a calendar printed up .
pam , put that in my good idea folder .
i do not think she is going to make it .
do not think she is going to make it - many woman < i > are < /i > competent driver .
hope nobody 's on a diet .
you are welcome , you are welcome .
ok. so , let u dish .
anything you guy want .
this is your time .
what is a pap smear ?
or is it `` shmear ? '' like the cream cheese .
what , um ... what do you think of role-play ?
well , jan ha this schoolgirl fantasy .
i just ... i feel uncomfortable wearing the dress .
jan say anything that doe not scare u is not worth doing .
i do not know .
maybe we are different people .
i like cuddling and spooning and she like videotaping u during sex .
and then watching it back right afterward to improve my form .
no , it is not that bad .
the worst part is that she show it to her therapist and they discus it .
no , she is ... she is fooling around .
it is a woman thing .
no ... no , it is all right .
I am ok . I am ok. you guy ... what are we going to do about jan ?
ok. jan is smart .
wear too much makeup .
breast : not anything to write home about .
I am unhappy when I am with her .
she is totally flat .
I am unhappy when I am with her .
I am happy sometimes .
um ... when we scrapbook or right towards the end of having sex .
yeah , that is smart .
that sound good too .
i do not know who is right .
i just do not - i do not know .
i do not know .
i want to break up with january wow .
i want to break up with january wow , i can not believe this yogurt ha no calorie .
oh , hey , guy .
i want to do something nice for you , because you did something so nice for me earlier .
i want you to go in there .
i want you to buy one item on me a a thank-you .
let u face it , most guy are from the dark age .
and they like a woman to be showing her cleavage and to be wearing 8-inch heel , and to be wearing , um , see-through underpants .
but ... for me , a woman look best when she is just absolutely naked .
you do not want anything ?
some panty or ... pick a thong or ... g-string .
get a nice bra .
see-through , push-up , lace ?
any - it just - you know what , i would love to buy you a fresh set of underwear .
it is january what do i do ?
ok , it stopped .
um ... could somebody grab me the lever , and i will ... yeah , get your hazard on for safety .
yes , we have the ... all right .
do you have a ... a crescent ?
uh ... you know what ?
I am going to ... you take care of that .
I am going to do traffic ... detail .
ok , i am really going to do this .
i need my girl with me .
pam , karen , even phyllis .
let u do this .
let u do it .
i love you guy .
now I am getting her voicemail .
hey , january it is me , michael .
I am just calling to say that i think we need a little break , permanently .
and , uh , i know everybody say this , but i-i want to remain friend .
or at least business associate who get along .
oh , just so you know , it is not me , it is you .
somebody just walked in .
i have to go .
um , so I will talk to you later .
no ... no ... yeah .
`` ... to remain friend .
or at least business associate - '' chinese ?
`` who get along .
oh , just so you know , it is not me , it is you .
ok , buddy . '' any man who say he totally understands woman is a fool .
because they are un-understandable .
there is a wishing fountain at the mall .
and i threw a coin in for every woman in the world and made a wish .
i wished for jan to get over me .
i wished for phyllis , a plasma tv .
i wished for pam to gain courage .
i wished for angela , a heart , and for kelly , a brain .
`` michael , how can you appreciate woman so much but also dump one of them ? '' you mean , how can i be so illogical and flighty and unpredictable and emotional ?
well , maybe i learned something from woman after all .
uh , yes , i am .
uh , yeah , it is okay .
it just , i do not think the cartoon are very funny .
the a cartoon that go with each article .
this one say mel karmazin ?
i do not , i do not know .
i guess i get it .
we should really start recycling .
orgasm , why can woman have them ?
sometimes i imagine what it would be like to be a woman .
i have a full-length mirror in my bathroom , and before i get dressed i will tuck myself between my leg just to see .
and , um , it is uncomfortable .
so maybe i do understand .
hey , pam , how bout something like that for you .
could sort of cover up any imperfection in the mid section .
just show off the twin a little bit .
i learned a lot about woman today .
and any man who say he totally understands woman is a fool .
because they are un-understandable .
jan and i broke up .
because she did not like one message i left on her voicemail ?
but that is her peariagative .
i thought i understood woman , but maybe , can not believe I am going to say this , maybe , woman do not understand themselves .
just ... all over .
i do not want to do anything ... I am dying ... right there .
i do not have egg .
ohh ... ok , everybody out .
ok. to what do i owe this great honor , david wallace ?
oh , you sigh like january i broke jan 's heart , david , and it wa awful .
it wa ... it wa never my intention to ruin a life .
but you know what ?
sometimes ... ... you just gots to get your freak on .
i wish i had prepared something to say .
may god guide you in your quest .
ok , everybody have their towel and swim suit ?
we have about an hour and half .
i suggest that you all go potty now and then we will be congregating on the partay bus .
oscar , you brought your speedo , i assume ?
well , you can not swim in leather pant .
I am just yankin ' your chain .
oh , you know what ?
uh , you are not going .
yeah , i know .
I am sorry , toby .
we ... um ... somebody ha to stay here .
i want today to be a beautiful memory ... that the staff and i share after i have passed on to new york .
and if toby is a part of it ... then it will suck .
hey pam , i have a very important job for you we are .
but , i would like you to take note .
and i want you to find out about people 's character .
not their hotness , per se , but their humor , and their charisma , and the indefinable quality that make you all glad to follow me .
what happens to a company if somebody take their bos away ?
i will answer your question with a question .
it is like what happens to a chicken when you take it head away .
unless you find a new head .
i need to see which one of these people have the skill to be a chicken head .
i want you to write down everything that people are doing all day .
and then type it up , in a way that is helpful .
this way to the partay bus .
everybody , may i have you attention please ?
today , we are not just spending a day at the beach .
if you do not like it , stanley , you can go to the back of the bus .
or the front of the bus .
or drive the bus .
just , we are all participating in mandatory fun activity .
and there is a special secret prize for the winner !
okay , you know what ?
your enthusiasm 's turning people off .
well , hey pam , did you get that down ?
like everything i said and everything they did and ... just do not ... well write it down before you forget it .
that is ... you have just been drawing picture .
i can not stay mad at you .
here we are lady and gentleman .
last one down is a rotten egg .
watch out for snake !
alright , find a cozy spot .
ok , everybody up !
let u play some game .
we are situated on the northeast corner of scenic lake scranton .
america 's eighth largest indigenous body of water .
it is here that a group of american will undergo the ultimate challenge .
one day , 14 stranger who work together , but only one survivor .
for the competition , you will be divided into four tribe .
each tribe will have a leader that i will pick randomly off the top of my head without thinking .
jim , dwight , andy and stanley .
pro : smart , cool , good-looking .
remind you of anybody you know ?
con : not a hard worker .
i can spend all day on a project , and he will finish the same project in a half an hour .
so that should tell you something .
I am not playing .
dwight is an obvious candidate for my job .
he ha the best sale record in the office .
he love the work .
he is , however , an idiot .
we are going to choose team name .
hey , hey , hey .
ok , ok ... stanley , your team name ?
then i will name your team the red team .
i am also considering stanley because of all the good that black people have done .
pam , please take a note that andy is patriotic .
pro : he is classy .
he went to cornell .
con : i do not really trust him .
it is time for the great spoon and egg race .
this one is with a little twist .
shh ... the person carrying the egg will be blindfolded .
please put on your blindfold .
that person carrying the egg will go down , circle a torch , come back , deposit their egg in the pail .
first team back is the winner .
pam ... you are missing thing .
okay pam , i have another little project for you .
smart a a whip !
these are pre-cooked , so it is not absolutely necessary , but i would appreciate it if you could heat up 800 hot dog for a little contest I am going to be having .
i would greatly appreciate it .
like umm ... ten minute ?
a good manager ha got to be hungry .
ok , who is hungry no , no , no .
do not touch the food .
that is our next event .
a hot dog eating contest .
for those of you who are curious , the world record is 54 and one half hot dog .
and you know what ?
i personally have cooked up enough so each and every one of you could break that record .
so shoot for the star , ok ?
alright , the team that eats the most hot dog in ten minute will be declared the winner .
no , i have the only one .
guy , guy , guy .
pleeeeease ... let u just ... ok , it is very important that you all try to eat a many hot dog a you can .
no mustard , no mustard .
just eat it , eat it , phyllis .
dip it in the water so it will slide down your gullet more easily .
come on , the winner get a big , big prize .
i can not say .
the winner get a regional manager 's salary for a year , and a sebring , and the feeling that they are making a difference in the world .
the winner of today get my job .
I am interviewing for a job at corporate .
and they are only interviewing a handful of people and I am the most qualified and I will probably get it .
i did not want to tell anyway .
i did not want to cast a pall over our fun beach day .
but you know what ?
i do not know who to recommend because frankly nobody is stepping up .
let u see it .
and the winner is andy bernard , with 14 hot dog !
13 hot dog , everybody !
it is very simple .
there are only three rule .
you must not touch the ground .
you must not step outside of the ring .
and you must always wear the safety mitten .
probably left them in the trunk of my car .
i knew that finding a successor would be difficult .
i did not know that it would be impossible .
thus far the candidate have been wildly disappointing .
uh , jim is not taking it seriously .
uh , stanley is having a stroke .
and andy , where is he ?
where the hell is andy ?
where is he , pam ?
ah ... who is ahead in point ?
check to see if there is a conversion chart in that notebook .
what doe a great manager need most of all ?
your loss , stanley .
meanwhile the rest of u will have a super fun time defeating our fear and creating a lasting memory .
who among you ha the gut to replace me ?
let him walk across these coal .
no , not you , pam .
you have to keep score .
blah , blah , blee blup , blup , okay ?
this is about gut .
it take gut to be a regional manager .
jim , you are up .
ji .. why not ?
you do not have what it take to be a regional manager .
andy is never here today .
because i already did .
i burned my foot on a george foreman grill .
the mind ha to wrap around the foot .
count to three , please .
count the other way .
count ... no , no , count one , two , three , not three , two , one .
am i going on go ?
or am i going on three ?
do not , do not .
I am not going to give it to you .
being the bos is also about image .
I have never looked like that .
i just , i do not see the connection between a firewalk and management .
worst seventy-five buck i ever spent .
you know what , if i had to pick my replacement based on today , it would be mr. `` outside hire . '' yeah .
ummm , hmm ... true .
look , i do not want to leave this branch that i love to an outside hire therefore we are going to have a one hundred point winner take all sudden death tribal council round .
to test the aspect of my job that i think is the most important , something i call the bob hope factor .
he is a comedian .
who is amanda bynes ?
oh , i love that movie .
yes , kelly is right , the person to replace me ha to have a great sense of humor and they have to posse the leadership quality of a bynes or a hope .
so without further ado , jim and dwight show u what you got .
you are being too modest .
that is not funny .
i am deducting sixty point from voldemort for false pretense .
okay , dwight your turn .
that is a very , very funny story .
pam , that wa amazing .
but i am still looking for someone with a sale background .
so we have about an hour and a half .
i suggest that you all go potty now and then we will be congregating on the party bus .
only way to travel .
no , no , no .
just u good friend , and karen and andy .
pam , you broke up with your boyfriend and then kept working together .
how did that work out ?
this way to the party bus .
it is a bus that take you to a party .
okay , everybody here ?
then , mr. driver , we are off like a herd of turtle !
no , we are not .
you are really annoying me .
if you do not knock it off ... ... I am never going to tell you anything ever again .
we are only 10 minute from the lake .
yes , i am choosing my apprentice .
which is why i have modeled all my game after survivor .
yes , for dramatic affect .
very good , jim .
pam , please note that jim is very astute .
all right , are we ready ?
pam , who came out best in the race , in your opinion ?
because he wa not following the rule .
but they did not complete their task , pam !
if people can not carry an egg in a spoon , blindfolded , then what doe that tell you about how they will be able to manage a sale report , or conduct a business call ?
are you sure you are doing that right ?
taking an awfully long time .
okay , all right .
it is very important that you all try to eat a many hotdog a you can ... son of a bitch .
all right you know what ?
just ... eat it .
eat it , phyllis .
dip it in the water so it will slide down your gullet more easily .
no , no , no , no , not that -- just ... come on , you guy , let u do it !
who is got the hungry ?
who is got the hungry ?
come on , ryan ... ryan , i want to see you with a hot dog in your mouth .
you have not made a sale .
do not try to flirt your way into this .
sometimes you really creep me out .
andy bernard is in first place with four hot dog !
dwight schrute is a close second with three and a half !
here come stanley , with three hot dog !
this is an inflatable sumo suit .
now , in the olden day , when they wanted to find a guy who could be king , they would have him pull a sword out of a stone .
well , time have changed .
and it is not even about who is the best sumo wrestler .
it is about who is the best bos .
and i do not even care who win .
it is how they wrestle in a blow-up suit ... that will tell me all i need to know or how sumo ... david !
are we all set ?
i just happened to be in the neighborhood , thought I would drop in and say hello .
thought I would catch a show .
since I am here , let me ask you a few question about the job .
um , how many people are you interviewing ?
ah , well , good .
out of curiosity are you interviewing anyone who ha been here longer than i have , or manages more people ?
one more ... question .
when you merged those branch who did you put in charge ?
and I am really looking forward to working with you .
i got it made in the shade .
i know this company .
the other branch manager are total moron .
hey , pam yeah , i forgot what day the interview wa and i drove to new york accidentially .
I will be like three hour late .
yes , the time ha come to name my own replacement .
so please hand this letter of congratulation to dwight k. schrute .
uh ... uh , okay .
ohhhhh ... why so you can do it ?
no , um , well i wa thinking that uh , actually we could all leave tomorrow and do a convoy you know ?
convoy are really fun .
pull up next to each other , give each other the finger ... moon each other .
there they are , the accounting department .
i shall miss your humility and your promptly printed check .
i have not talked to jan since we broke up , and i think if she had something to say she would have called me .
no , no , no .
it is a done deal .
i basically have the job already .
there is nothing she can do to stop it now .
i already sold my condo .
yes , i ... i have to buy another place .
i sold it on ebay .
the buyer wa very motivated , a wa i. it went for eighty percent of what i paid .
sold in record time .
who is d. abramson ?
why ... are you here ?
how are you , janet ?
it is good to see you .
okay , sure , fine .
um , why do not you wait in my office .
i have some important business matter to take care of .
pam , defcon ten .
houston , we have a problem .
uh , i may need some immediate assistance .
if you would slowly and quietly gather the lady in the conference room .
phyllis , angela , karen .
she is an alternate .
so , how you been ?
yeah , i did not get both of your message .
hmm .. would you excuse me for a second ?
she want to get back together .
i do not know , that is why you are here , help me .
please ... no , no .
what do i do ?
what if she make me ?
she made me do a lot of thing i did not want to do .
you are absolutely right .
I am going to go in there and tell her that we can not be together .
I am in a very good place right now .
jan , we need to talk .
jan is in a different place right now , and it is a sign of maturity to give people second chance .
so i am going to hear her out .
let u get back together .
no , no , no , no .
I will tell you this , it is < i > not < /i > because of the boob job .
excuse me , boob enhancement .
that would be shallow .
and this is the opposite of shallow .
this is ... emotionally magnificent .
check one more time .
very good yes , indeed .
so , i guess we are getting back together .
your advice wa good , but jan 's wa bigger .
here is the sitch .
two week ago , i wa in the worst relationship of my life .
she treated me poorly .
we did not connect , i wa miserable .
now , I am in the best relationship of my life with the same woman .
love is a mystery .
the next time you see me , I will be working for corporate .
starting tomorrow , dwight schrute will be running the branch .
so without further ado , i would like to start saying my goodbye okay .
goodnight , and good luck .
how are you guy doing ?
i have been here a bunch of time , so i know where everything is , know everybody 's name .
if you need to know somebody is name , just ask me .
< i > that < /i > is beardy .
no , no , no , just ... that is not his real name .
that is just what i call him , so ... i am by far the most qualified person they are interviewing .
jim and karen are here , which is cute .
they are like , kid actor tagging along with daddy , on the big audition , hoping to be discovered .
except daddy ... is the best actor around .
daddy is meryl streep .
wha 's up my brutha ?
this is hunter , secretary extraordinaire .
could you give her a message for me , when she get in ?
just say , `` i want to squeeze them . '' it is code .
she will know what it mean .
oh , and hunter ?
could you tell her , `` brbrbrbrbr ! '' also ?
good to see you .
here are the post-merger performance stats that you asked for .
why do not i tell you what my greatest weakness are ?
i work too hard .
i care too much .
and sometimes i can be too invested in my job .
well , my weakness are actually ... strength .
I have never been a big fan of the name dunder mifflin .
i wa thinking we could name the company something like , `` paper great .
where great paper is our passion .
we are grrrrrrrrrreat ! '' i do not know , could be good .
or , uh , `` super duper paper .
it is super duper . '' i do not know , something like that .
it is always a treat when < i > our < /i > path cross .
before i forget , i wanted to let you know , if you had not already heard , uh , jan and i are back together .
so ... i may need to fill out one of those love document again .
and i am very excited about the prospect of working under her ... or on top of her .
mm , that is not sexual , just ... we are all professional .
i do not understand .
so , we are going to tag team it ?
could have gone better i guess .
maybe you should do it sooner rather than later .
daaah , let u just run away together .
let u just run away to jamaica and live in a bungalow .
you have some saving right ?
you could pay off my debt .
it would ... be fine .
we would have fun .
i can not tell you .
wuuuoooh , hey , whoa , jan -- hey !
< i > you are < /i > unstable !
no -- we are all unstable .
david , i did not tell her .
so , i am going to ... give her a ride home .
let me know about the job .
good , I am glad we are on the same page .
i have a lot of idea for new direction .
that ... is actually good ... because , um , i do not think i could take ... my girlfriend 's job .
that is not being a good boyfriend .
so , i respectfully withdraw my name from consideration .
do you accept my withdrawal ?
I am glad we are finally on the same page .
still have my job in scranton , though .
that is all i ever wanted .
either one of them ... excellent candidate .
i know , I am sorry about that .
well , it is ... no , do not cry , it is going to be ok. i do not know .
well i guess ... you could come and stay at my condo .
i think i could back out of the sale .
probably get some negative feedback on my ebay profile .
I will be baaaaack !
and i am baaaack !
everybody , may i have your attention please ?
it is with great honor and privilege that i announce to you that i have officially withdrawn my name for consideration from the corporate job .
i know , i know , i know .
`` michael , what are you thinking ?
you were a shoe in . '' well , got down there .
i nailed the interview .
and the strangest thing happened .
why is my office black ?
you should not have taken it .
good thing I am baaaaaack .
no , it is for me , bimbo .
so I am back .
and i am never , ever going to leave .
i am going nowhere .
this place ... is like ... the hospital where i wa born , my house , my old age home , and my ... graveyard ... for my bone .
still waitin ' on that coffee .
well , I have actually done a lot of thinking about that .
and in ten year , i am living in a big house , with my kid .
and in this house we have screen on the wall that have famous art on them and i have a remote that work everything , that ha like a belt-loop attachment , or in my ear , like a gluetooth .
and , because it is the future , i can take just a little tiny pill and get all my vitamin for the whole day .
well , i do not know what it is going to be called , but ... my point is , the future of this company is now .
and the future ... is me .
and i realized that i could not work for a company that would fire my girlfriend .
but more than that , i realized that ... i could not take a job that would take me away from this place .
this is where i belong .
this is ... my home .
and home is where the hardest .
that make a lot more sense .
you think they would help each other out like that at corporate ?
new york real estate .
i started by looking for a brownstone , like the huxtables had , but instead i found this very , very , nice place in jamaica , queen , mon .
it is on the last stop of the subway , which is wonderful , because if i fall asleep , i still end up at home .
it is a suh-weeeet one bedroom .
i have a roommate , uh , vijay chokalingham , he is a sophomore at queen college .
he actually work in the indian restaurant right below the apartment , so ... free food , and the place always smell like curry .
ok , well i did not get the job in new york , but i got the real prize , domestic bliss .
jan made me breakfast this morning ... well she bought the milk .
this is why i do it , that is what i have to come home to .
she probably will not be up for a few hour .
this is going to be a very good year .
jan is at home .
my protege ryan is at corporate .
um ... andy and dwight are rockin ' the sale team .
i feel very blessed .
i have some bad news .
meredith wa hit by a car .
it happened this morning in the parking lot .
i took her to the hospital , and the doctor tried to save her life .
they did the best that they could ... and she is going to be ok. yes .
she ha a slight pelvical fracture , but , ah ... people have survived far worse .
kind of a good news bad news there .
i wa able to be on the scene so quickly because i wa in the car that hit her .
yeah , it is only meredith , thank god .
but did you see the way they looked at me ?
like i wa a murderer or something .
it wa an accident .
my lord my liege .
so ryan got promoted to corporate , where he is a little fish in a big pond .
whereas back here in scranton i am still top dog , in a fairly large pond .
so who is the real bos ?
the dog or a fish ?
so i need a little treat for the gang .
something to win their affection back .
well , i ran down meredith in my car .
no , i wa being negligent .
but she is in the hospital , she is fine , recovering nicely .
tiny little crack in her pelvis .
but she will be up in ... yes .
it wa on company property , with company property , so ... double jeopardy , we are fine .
oh , right , I am sorry .
what is : we are fine ?
ok , i have an announcement .
that is not funny , i love my employee , even thought i hit one of you with my car .
for which i take full responsibility .
look I am just trying to take everybody 's mind off of this unavoidable tragedy , and onto more positive thing .
so i thought we should plant a tree .
so , like a freedom tree .
ok , good good , so we will just all go down there together at lunch .
alright , since i am the bos i will drive a well .
everyone inside the car wa fine , stanley !
guess what , i have flaw .
oh , i do not know .
i sing in the shower .
sometimes i spend too much time volunteering .
occasionally I will hit somebody with my car .
so sue me ... no , do not sue me .
that is the opposite of the point that I am trying to make .
in my mind they are associated with sickness .
oh ... she look like an angel .
no ... ok , she always look like that ... that is not my fault .
no ... she is in a coma .
ok ... meredith , ooooohhhhh .
i brought all your friend from the office dear .
brought you some balloon .
why do not we ... here you go .
tie these up , cheer up your tube ... oh !
shhhh ... for god 's sake !
i am going to be sick ... I am going to puke .
oh , ok ... wait up , wait up , guy guy guy , hold on a second .
you know what i wa thinking might be sort of fun ?
is if you forgave me in front of everybody .
because you know what they say in the bible about forgiveness ?
forgiveness is next to godliness .
well , just shhhh ... just just ... look , i just ... i do not understand what is preventing you from laughing this off and giving me a big hug .
[ start to climb onto the bed with meredith .
do i need to be liked ?
i like to be liked .
i enjoy being liked .
i have to be liked .
but it is not like a compulsive need to be liked .
like my need to be praised .
ok , you know what ?
everybody , let u just get over the whole meredith thing .
she cracked her pelvis , a tiny little crack .
she going to be fine , so let u just ... sprinkle ?
oh , sh ... I am sorry angela .
man what a day huh ?
how could it get any worse ?
her computer crash with the porn , and then meredith with the accident , and then ... sprinkle !
god , that is 3 thing .
I will tell you what is going on .
this office is cursed , and we need to do something about it .
well , i am taking responsibility .
it is up to me to get rid of the curse that hit meredith with my car .
I am not superstitious , but ... I am ... i am a little-stitious .
did anyone do anything involving an indian burial ground ?
like park on it .
or dig up a body ... toby ?
anything you want to tell u ?
so our tragedy is your good luck .
dwight , you have not seen meredith yet , have you ?
well , i think you should go to the hospital , and pay your respect .
alright , i would now like to talk about each of your individual religious belief .
satan is a master of lie .
everything he say is the opposite .
thank you for the permission .
alright let u just go around the room , and tell me what you believe in .
kelly , you are hindu , so you believe in buddha .
ok , 1 sikh , and ... you spend your whole life trying to get people to like you , and then you run over one person with your car .
and it is not even one of the popular one , and everybody get on your case .
doe not make any sense ... god is dead .
maybe believing in god wa the mistake .
what did people believe in before ?
maybe there is some sort of animal , that we could make a sacrifice too .
like a giant buffalo , or some sort of monster , like something with the body of a walrus with the head of a sea lion .
or something with the body of an egret with the head of a meerkat .
or just ... the head of a monkey , with the antler of a reindeer , with , ah ... the body of a porcupine .
oh god , rabies ?
i wa in the hospital room with her .
how contagious is that , is that like an std ?
this place is so cursed .
i know a lot of you are upset with me for endangering meredith 's life by hitting her , with my car .
but it may make you feel a little better to know that before that happened , dwight endangered her life , by putting a garbage bag over her head that had a bat in it .
turn out meredith ha been exposed to rabies .
which is like 10 time worse than a little crack in your pelvis .
thanks to me she went to the hospital and i saved her life .
curse is broken people !
oh ... there is a god , and he ha a plan for u after all .
so go home get some rest , very very good work today .
we got a lot accomplished .
is there a god ?
if not , what are all the church for ?
and who is jesus ' dad ?
a woman should not have to be hit by a car , to learn that she may have rabies .
but that is where we are in america .
and that doe not sit right with me .
and that is why I am hosting a fun run race for the cure for rabies .
to raise awareness of the fact that there is a cure for rabies .
a disease that ha largely been eradicated in the u .
but not very many people know that .
hi stanley , how many sponsor so far ?
come on man , got to step it up !
it is for a good because .
jan called this morning and pledged $ 500.00 .
that ... is for a good because .
phyllis , how is the rabies quilt coming ?
oh , look at that , 3. way to honor meredith , phyllis .
ok. alright , alright .
shhh ... i know that you are probably scared of people seeing your fat leg in short .
ok , well back in olden time , a large fat person , like this , wa a person of power .
a person who had money , could buy food , person of respect .
like the regional manager of the day .
whereas , someone athletic and trim , like myself , wa someone who worked in the field ... and i wa a peasant .
well , you are going to have to run , or you are going to be in a lot of trouble .
it is not olden time anymore .
we have raised , almost $ 700.00 , most of it from me and january um ... when do they put that on the giant check ?
or is that something that we write in later ?
hmm ... that is a tough decision .
um ... i always imagined it with a giant check .
you did not contribute very much .
i wa also hoping to hand the giant check to a rabies doctor .
and how is that been going ?
what about a rabies nurse ?
have you met that kid ?
he is not going to college .
hey , hey , hey what are you doing ?
no i did not , just please do not ... may i enter the room ?
see how i did that .
that is the way you should enter a room .
you knock and then you wait for the all clear .
yes , but i have an office , so why would i do that .
european office are naked all the time .
besides my shirt tail covered most of it so ... that is not gross , it is the human body .
what is your problem ?
pam you are an artist , right ?
think of me a one of your model .
ok , you know what , i do not want this to detract from what we really need to be thinking about today , it is not fair to people with rabies .
and that is the point , right ?
ok , let u go have some fun .
look at me , I am toby , I am stretching , i know what I am doing .
why is he even here ?
ok everybody , listen up .
thank you for coming .
before we get started i wanted to say a few word about this deadly disease called rabies .
and I would like you to take a look into the face of rabies .
that should scare you .
you people need to educate yourselves .
myth : 3 american every year die from rabies .
fact : 4 american every year die from rabies .
how many of you know someone who ha been afflicted or affected by rabies ?
one , two , three ... too many to count .
it is truly the silent killer .
no , it is the foaming barking killer .
and it is something ... darryl what are you doing .
no , do not give him ... just , did you hear anything i said ?
he is happy because he is insane .
you know what , that is the perfect example of the kind of awareness we need to generate .
where is the nurse ?
this is the reason we are here .
oh hey , i know you ... elizabeth ?
wow , very cool you went back and got your degree .
i would like you to accept this check , for $ 340.00 made out to science .
make sure that , that get into the right hand .
ok , fettuccine alfredo , time to carbo-load .
just remember folk , it is not about winning , it is about finishing .
I am very fast !
I am like forrest gump , except i am not an idiot .
no , no water for me .
not while rabies cause fear of water ... solidarity !
rabies victim ... have to live with an irrational hatred of water their entire life .
so ... least i could do .
that fettuccine is sitting in my stomach like a rock .
wait , imodium or ex-lax ?
oh god , oh , alfredo sauce .
I am getting a stitch .
take bat bite seriously .
do not get bit .
i am not going to finish .
i can not beat rabies .
nobody can beat rabies , rabies ha been around for a thousand year .
i wa a fool to think that i could beat it .
i can not finish .
i feel so weak , i just ... what do you want me to do jim ?
no , there are people all over the world , who have all sort of problem and affliction , and disease .
they are deformed , and they are abnormal , and ... they are illiterate and ugly .
symphony do not have any money .
public tv is bust .
i can not do anything about it , i can not ... you know .
there is just one of me , and there is a thousand of them .
that is a good deal .
pam , if everybody felt that way , nothing would get done .
you just do not think i am capable , of making a difference .
you do not , you do not know me .
you have just seen my penis .
i can make a difference , remember , I am the one who started this whole thing off by hitting meredith with my car .
and i owe it to her to finish this ... gd 5k no , no !
finishing that 5k , wa the hardest thing i have ever had to do .
i ate more fettuccine alfredo and drank le water , than i have in my entire life .
people always talk about triumph of the human spirit , well today i had a triumph of the human body .
that is why everybody wa applauding for me at the end .
my gut and my heart , and while i eventually puked my gut out , i never puked my heart out .
and I am very , very proud of that .
it is ironic is not it ?
i mean I am in the hospital for not getting enough water , and you are in it for a disease that cause the fear of water .
thanks , I am not mad at you anymore .
I am not really sick .
nah , I am good .
did you ever think of this ?
would a sober person walk in front of a car ?
well ... that is not ... that is not what ... no , no , I am not saying that , that is disgusting .
i am saying ... that ... maybe i wa drunk .
did you ever think of that ?
maybe she hit me .
you ever think of that ?
i do not know whose fault it wa .
i wa not exactly looking at the road .
you know what , why do not go around the room and say one memory of meredith .
i liked her jumper .
they reminded me of kindergarten .
okay , okay , okay , you can just close that .
let u just ... why can not you just forgive ... why , why are you having such a hard time laughing this off ?
how do you know that you were not born with some sort of abnormal pelvis that it wa just bound to crack at some point ?
I am not going to leave until you forgive me .
this office is cursed .
and we need to do something about it .
maybe the conference room , maybe the annex .
I am just saying , at least right here is cursed .
conference room , 10 minute .
on the one hand , it is a relief to know that it is not just me , the whole office is cursed .
on the other hand , i may have to deal with the dark unknown .
we have to have done something wrong .
that wa the curse , stanley , and we are trying to find the because of the curse .
oscar , are you santaria ?
we have a secular humanist here , that is disgusting .
it is a philosophy which say people can improve their life by using reason instead of religion or superstition .
yeah , the , uh , the charity 's having some financial problem .
what do i look like to you , paul newman ?
that is actually not a good example , because i have been compared to a young paul newman , my eye and my face .
and i make my own salad dressing .
i mix newman 's ranch with newman 's italian .
sell it at flea market for a slight loss .
i could make ... i could make a profit if i changed one of the ingredient to wishbone but i will not do it .
whoa , 'scuse me !
oh , ho , ho , ho .
you guy are going so slow ... come on , I am going backwards .
oh , all right !
well , apparently , my insurance will not be covering this hospital stay .
i will be paying out-of-pocket .
um ... i kind of wish I would been hit by a car .
i just want to remind everyone about the company rule involving pda or public display of affection .
is this about me and jan ?
because i will have you know that that wa consensual .
what we did ha nothing to do with you or anyone here .
i do not think .
i do not think anyone heard anything .
we were very discreet and , and most people had left by that point .
so i do not think it is any of your business .
what i think you should do is roll up the memo , real tight ... no way .
oh kay , mind is exploding .
okay , okay , stand up .
ok , here we go .
everyone , this is a day that will live in infamy .
because today , is the day that jim and pam become one .
i love you guy , so much .
no , no , no pam let them ring .
let the bell of dunder mifflin chime out your love .
because this is really good , this is really good .
my heart soar with the eagle nest .
can you make that straighter ?
that is what she said .
blowing up balloon i thought .
pam and jim are together .
only thing that could make this day better is ice cream .
and he is with a beard .
he ... he ha facial hair .
all grown up and no place to go .
hello , mr. sunny crockett .
ohh , yeah , let u get started because uh , yes , because uh this is very serious business and umm .. ... business meeting -- that is right !
do not start any fire , ryan .
look how big he is .
look at you , you are so mature and old and little man now .
you are like our little man ... beard .
that is a little kinky .
i do not swing that way .
i think ryan ha a gay crush on me .
yes , everybody , come on .
let u get serious here .
um ryan , ha a very special , important presentation to do , which we will be doing in the conference room in 10 minute ?
yeah , ryan snapped at me , but there wa this twinkle in his eye that i picked up on , which said , `` dude , we are friend .
I am doing this for appearance .
i am the big bos now .
and i have to seem like an ogre .
but you know me and you trust me .
and we like each other .
and we will always be friend .
and i would never take you for granted in a million year .
and i miss you , man .
and i love you . '' his word .
gimmme , give me , give me , give me , give me , give me .
i am not old .
you are like a hundred .
i wa just ... after the presentation , just wanted to make sure , that vis-a-vie , that everything in the office is business a usual ?
yeah , i know i understand ... we are making great stride and we are updating , but business a usual , no ?
good , so , we are on the same page ?
we had a foreign exchange student live with u when i wa young .
and we called him my brother .
and that is who i thought he wa .
um , then he went home to what is now formerly yugoslavia , taking all of my blue jean with him .
and i had to spend the entire winter in short .
that is what ryan is like .
a fake brother who steal your jean .
hey , what is the actual deal with these thing in term of testicle ?
i do not want to grow weird sperm in case we ever want to have kid .
oh , i dunno , they are launching a big new business plan .
new website , blah blah blah .
he is being a real twerp about it , so , it is all about youth , and agility and streamlining and trying to squeeze out the older people .
well ... what is that ... word ?
so older people have just a many right a younger people ?
good , we are all here , we can get started .
still my office , ryan .
well , there ha been a lot of talk about new idea today .
well , new idea are fine , but they are also ... illegal , because they are a form of ageism .
yes , i am right .
did you know that the age discrimination and employment act of 1967 prohibits employment discrimination based on age with respect to employee 40 year of age or older ?
hey , shut up toby .
look , why do we a a society hate old people so much ?
no , creed , no they are not .
in fact , many culture revere old people because of their storytelling ability .
like the old lady from titanic .
or the funny thing that they can do , like `` where is the beef ? '' yeah .
i wa going to put up some new picture , but umm , all of the ink in the printer wa gone .
who is this old fart ?
did you just stagger off the street ?
out of a box or something ?
who is this worthless bag of bone ?
well , this guy is none other than one of the founder of dunder mifflin , mr. robert dunder .
then i will call david wallace and you can explain to him why you threw the founder of the company out on his ancient butt .
bob , how old are you ?
did you know , that bob is still a member of the board of dunder mifflin ?
ah , still sends his own proxy .
thank you for coming in .
do you have a ride ?
what have we learned ?
well , we have learned that you can not teach an old dog new trick , because it is illegal , and you will go to jail .
do not help him .
he doe not need help , pam .
what a nice guy .
i disagree , i think it wa very valuable .
i happen to think the old way of doing business are better .
and i can prove it .
and the same thing go for quarterly report .
they are just number and boring and blech .
so what i wa thinking is that maybe we should have some sort of graphic , like if we have a bad quarter , put in a storm cloud ?
and ... when we have a good quarter , firework ?
doe not have to be a racecar .
we have a lot of colored paper here ... why oh why do we keep printing this on white ?
maybe , we could have some sort of riddle ?
like , something that you have to look for .
sort of a `` where is waldo . '' alright .
let u quit while we are ahead .
some day i am just on fire .
what can i say ?
oh , doe he ?
i have some news .
beep beep beep beep , beep beep beep beep beep , beep beep beep beep beep , beep beep beep beep beep , beep beep beep beep .
today is the big day that i am heading to new york to attend a party with sushi and important people .
on an unrelated note , if anyone ha an interesting anectdote that is not boring and easy to memorize please drop by my office before i leave .
and ... today the dunder-mifflin infinity website officially launch .
well the website is the brain-child of my brain-child , ryan .
it is my brain-grandchild .
and , uh , to celebrate it is birth , all of the different branch are going to have satellite party , which will be connected via web-cams and fiber to the real party , which is going on in new york city at uh , a very exclusive nightclub , and that is where all of the vip 's , including yours truly , will be partying with uh new york city 's finest , and i do not mean policeman ... the company is projecting record high sale , and that by 6:00 the website will be the new best salesman in the company .
I will find out tonight .
what is that , pipsqueak ?
ohh , lunch party .
easy , booster seat , nobody care about this party anyway .
it is the european cut .
ah , what is hanging ?
how many pound do you think i could lose by 7 ?
i had um , one of those danish .
why do not you want to go tonight ?
what ... all your friend are going to be there .
it will be fun .
if i go by myself everybody will think I am a big loser .
do i have your permission to invite carol ?
it is just the first ... girl that popped into my head .
I will find somebody i have not slept with .
this is the dealio .
god ha smiled upon me and given me two ticket to the big party in new york tonight .
what are you doing this evening ?
they have their own little language now .
well fight it out amongst yourselves .
i wa thinking pammy but boy night out is also good .
just let me know who the winner is .
I am ready to go and I am callin ' shotgun .
oh yeah , you would better .
you better say good-bye to pam .
say good-bye to pam .
i love ya pam ... okay .
I am leavin ' inside jim 's car , i do not know when I will be back again .
tomorrow I will be back .
I will be back .
so you know what ?
why do not you guy take off a little bit early tonight ?
if you are not this tall , you may not ride the rollercoaster .
see you guy tomorrow .
you ever read this ?
got it for ryan .
wanted to get him oh the place you will go , but they were sold out .
figured ... same sort of stuff in here .
one for me one for january you guy should come over for dinner .
that would be fun .
want to come over friday ?
after work you guy ... yes .
actually i will tell you right now .
it is a club called chatroom , and there is a password to get in , which is actually password .
so ... what are you doing ?
no , I am sure that is not .
well the invitation say vip 's only .
is this how you treat your vip 's , ryan ?
we are already in the city .
the main part with the building .
what am i supposed to do ?
what do you want me to do tonight ?
and if you tell me , that i have to drive back to scranton , to the satellite party , i am going to throw up !
okay I am going to throw up .
I am throwing up .
you are making me throw up , ryan .
you know what this is like ?
I will tell you what this is like .
this is like when the freshman would throw a party and would not let any of the senior go .
doe not it just piss you off sometimes that that little twerp got the promotion over u ?
alright who want to party ?
oh i think i faked oscar out .
i think i faked stanley out too .
who else thought that i wa leaving ?
and they could all go home early ?
well who need new york ?
we can have a killer party right here in scranton .
nope nope nope no .
this is going to be nothing like the party you have been planning .
this is going to be good and everybody 's going to come .
what is wrong with dwight ?
alright you know what ?
angela I would like you to come into my office in ten minute .
bring something to write with and something to write on .
this wa a pretty disappointing day .
it wa kind of a slap in the face to realize that i wa not a important a i thought i wa to a certain young executive who i cared about .
but , you know , I am not going to cry over it .
i did that in the car on the way home .
how we doing on time ?
these are some thing that i would like to have happen .
those are just thing .
this is how i want it to feel .
i would like this party to be sexier , cooler , more important ... yes uh ... i want it ... i want it to embarrass all other party .
i want it to be a party that the guy in new york watch on the web-cam and say , `` wow !
how did they get al roker to come ? '' yes you can .
i know you can .
i would not say that if i did not hundred percent believe it .
who else could do this ?
is there anyone else who could do it better ?
because we do not have a lot of time .
I will get the pizza !
guess who just ordered from your favorite pizza place , alfredo ?
i do not understand when you all talk at the same time .
okay , okay , what is better ?
a medium amount of good pizza ?
or all you can eat of pretty good pizza ?
you do not have to say it like that .
hey right , i have a coupon , so half of sixty-three fifty , and half the tip of sixty-three fifty .
yeah , i told them on the phone that i wa ordering eight pizza .
you did not actually think i wa going to spend sixty buck on pizza ?
okay , it doe not say it anywhere on the coupon , and if it is policy , it should say it on the coupon .
what do you mean hmm-um ?
it is your problem .
that is no way to do business , okay ?
i ordered eight pizza with a half-off coupon , so i would like eight pizza for half-off .
I am not giving that to you .
no , no you are not going anywhere .
you are staying here until we figure this out .
this young man need to learn that is not how you treat people .
i do not care if it is pizza .
good business is about respect and accountability and follow through .
you do not just make promise and pull the rug out from under somebody , do you ?
dwight , please escort this young man into the conference room .
right now , get in the conference room .
yes you are , yes you are , and you will come out when you decide to give me a discount on the pizza .
please , thank you .
no , you do not even know what stupid is .
it is about to get all stupid up in here .
you ready to give me my discount now ?
okay , what have you been doing in here this whole time ?
alright , dwight , knock it off .
you better think about what you are doing young man .
I am an adult , i do not have to think or do anything .
you are a kid , a little snot-nosed , punk kid who think he is better than everyone else , because he is some hot shot , and you do not know anything about sale .
so stop being a disrespectful little jerk , okay ?
yeah sale , you sell pizza .
last time i checked that is called sale .
alright stop , stop making him say it !
you just made this worse , a whole lot worse .
stop talking all at once !
let go of the little jerk boy before he ha learned his lesson ?
you know what jim , the world would be a better place if people were held accountable for their action .
I am not kidnapping him , I am keeping him until i get what i want .
i think you are over-thinking it .
yes , is alfredo there ?
can i speak to a manager then ?
okay , can you tell the manager that I am keeping his delivery kid until i get a discount on the eight pizza i ordered .
yes , i know it is not on the coupon .
also i would like him to throw in two , three pizza for our ... trouble .
mister overdramatic , what is up kevin ?
I will just wave and introduce myself .
hey , i just think you should know that one of my salesman beat your stupid computer , so take that hole .
hey , have you seen jim ?
whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , what are you doing ?
hey , hey , hey stop it .
stop it now , god .
oh my god , oh my god , no , no , no .
i kidnapped a kid .
i could have paid for the pizza .
oh my god , oh my god .
you are breaking up .
i can not hear you .
i want you to go in there , and pay him for the pizza , and give him a generous tip , no more than ten percent .
i will open the door .
and hopefully he will walk out , and the rest is out of our hand .
see ya , drive safely .
now we wait , and hopefully nothing happens .
not now dwight , please , it is not the time .
what a horrible day .
well , i need to get the horrible taste of this pizza out of my mouth .
I would really like some sushi .
i wa hoping that i would have new york style sushi today .
and you know what ?
I am going to get it .
uh-uh , no , there is only one place where they authentic new york style sushi .
alright , you drive .
hey , you know what ?
come on , come on , let u go .
this is the guy that beat the computer .
I am ryan , and tonight did not go the way that i thought it would , because it did not work out for me , and I am very embarrassed .
i got egg all over my face .
i never sold any paper , because I am an idiot .
i made it with my cheese pita .
i started a fire , i started a fire .
and I am hot , I am so hot .
that is why everybody ... well , it is part of it , it is just the ... uhhh .
want to head back ?
what is wrong with me ?
i want you to look at me and tell me what is wrong with me .
do not avoid this .
i know you are dying to say it , so just say it .
i have bag under my eye , pam .
i did not see it at home , i did not see it in the bathroom , i did not see it on any of the city mirror , but in this light ... the big , free mirror that the city put up , on tree and telephone pole ?
the big round thing .
i have bag under my eye , and i can not go to new york like this !
what do i do ?
what do i do ?
you can be martha stewart 's receptionist !
i will be tea baggin ' it .
do i feel badly , that nobody out there wa invited to a party that i wa invited to ?
because they have to know that if they work hard and apply themselves , someday , they could be invited to a party like this .
of course , at that point , i will be going to much better party that they will not be able to get into .
what are you going to do ?
where is my steeaaak ?
he is on the phone .
you are not going to paris .
I am so much better than you are .
i owe you an apology .
will not ruin it for you .
meryl streep is the bad guy .
never see it coming .
anyways , if i wa mean in any way to you , i am sorry .
i just want what is best for you , mo chuisle .
i have not heard the same about you .
so let u just go with mine .
we already have a sofa .
so why do -- it ... fold up .
you have only seen it flat .
i -- ok. how much is this going to cost ?
money ha been a little tight lately .
but , at the end of my life , when I am sitting on my yacht , am i going to be thinking about how much money i have ?
I am going to be thinking about how many friend i have , and my child , and my comedy album .
i mean , i have a yacht , so i obviously did pretty well money wise .
it is just that you say it is going to cost what it cost -- put him through .
ryan , my man !
yes , and thank you for sending that to me .
okay , yeah , i dunno .
i dunno , i think those it guy messed up .
wait , oh , no , here it is , here it is .
um , actually , i need the car .
use to have two car , traded them in , now we are down to one .
although the new car is a porsche .
you can not , i have a thing tonight .
oh no , i have a thing tonight .
how about this weekend ?
i-i-ugh , ok. all right .
you would not understand .
it is a secret .
I am sorry mr. of'brian , i did not mean to interrupt your dinner .
i just have a very exciting offer .
my record indicate that you have expressed interest in losing some weight .
well , what if i told you that i have a pill that will make you 50 pound lighter in 5 minute ?
how doe that sound ?
well , it will not be that fast , but it will -- it will be that easy .
i just love sale .
i love it to death .
it is a simple a that .
and i do not get to do it enough a a manager , so i took this second job .
i count it a a hobby .
some people have golf , or relaxing .
hey , i just got off the phone , and i wa going to make another call .
no , they are with me , so ... this is nick figaro , manager to the star !
these meeting are useless .
or a trained seal .
yes , is mr. hudson there ?
I am just calling because you responded positively to the -- ... stanley ?
senor , are you happy with your -- have you -- have you considered satellite television ?
well your son sound like he is really motivated .
i think it is crazy the coach will not play him frankly .
look , i know sale , and i had that sale , i just needed a few more minute -- it is not a waste of our time .
vikram doe not have my people skill .
well , i hope this conversation ha helped .
what did you get tonight ?
oh , that look good .
i am going with the vanilla crisp this evening .
wonder what i would have been back home ?
i know , but it is competitive here .
what is a dollar worth in your land ?
medical school must cost like 40 buck or a donkey or something .
i would have been chief of surgery ... or a cowboy .
you know what , here is the thing about die hard 4. die hard one , the original , john mcclane wa just this normal guy .
you know , he is just a normal new york city cop , who get his foot cut , and get beat up .
but he is an everyday guy .
in die hard 4 , he is jumping a motorcycle into a helicopter .
it just sort of lost what die hard wa .
it is not terminator .
i actually wrote a movie .
I am writing one , yeah .
um , sort of a spy , thriller ... thanks , no , i have work tomorrow morning .
okay , see you guy .
hey , how you doing ?
hey , congrats on the bonus .
I am going to have it one of these night .
um ... that wa not much of an introduction .
ahh , still lame .
thank you , ryan , for that wonderful introduction .
okay , um , today we are going to be talking ... about ... powerpoint !
yes i forgot about ryan 's presentation .
and yes , it would have been nice to do well with the first presentation he had given me .
but you know what else would have been nice ?
and the best way to start is to hit start .
and up come the toolbar , that is what she said .
what we have to do here is go to run , and then you look up to powerpoint .
and we are in .
we are going to register .
you hit register -- update are ready .
um , estimated time 12 minute , so this should take 5 or 10 minute .
no , i had a really rough night , and my bos can back you up on that .
my other bos , mr. figaro .
what i do between 5:30 pm and 1 am is no one 's business but mine and my other business ' .
okay , honestly , it wa unlikely i wa going to figure this out anyways .
why do not you do the presentation , because you know how to do it ?
it is whoever , not whomever .
no , whomever is never actually right .
not a native speaker .
well it sound right , but is it ?
no one , uh , asked you anything ever , so whomever 's name is toby , why do not you take a letter opener and stick it into your skull .
I have never done this before .
I have never quit anything in my life .
so , you are filming history .
nick , i had a dream last night that i had two full time job .
one here at the lipophedrazone diet pill company -- and the other i wa a regional manager of a small paper supply company called dunder mifflin .
in this dream i did both of these job beautifully , and i loved it , and everybody loved me .
but the truth is , i can not do this .
i wa never in this for the money .
but it turn out that the money wa an absolute necessity for me .
i tried to live the dream .
i tried to have a job , a girlfriend , another job , and i failed .
but the good thing about the american dream is that you can just go to sleep , and try it all again the next night .
hey kevin , you are a gambler right ?
a rounder , you play the pony , small horse .
yeah , i wa thinking about doing some gambling myself .
you know , just a little bit of money .
maybe doubling it , and them doubling it seven more time .
i do not know , kind of just for fun .
i wa thinking , do you have tip , or idea about sure thing .
like a boxer who is going to throw the big fight , you know , like , like he is tied into some crooked dealing , maybe his kid is sick or something .
like , who do i call about that ?
do you know anybody in the mob ?
okay , um , oscar , I am going to need to take another advance on my salary .
okay , i know what is going on .
you are talking about jim and pam , if they are having sex , what it look like , i know , i think -- hey , hey , hey .
no , I am not having monkey problem .
why would i have monkey problem ?
oh , i hate monkey .
i do not have a second job .
maybe I am having an affair with suzanne summer .
i do not talk to my girlfriend about money .
it is rude , and unsexual .
i totally agree with you .
but i do not have money problem , i do not .
alright , you know what ?
watch this , if i had money problem , would i do this ?
yeah , but i destroyed it , it is not even useable anymore .
no you did not .
how would that help creed ?
in monopoly when you go bankrupt , you lose .
that is a good point .
like the witness protection program .
I have always wanted to be in the witness protection program .
fresh start , no debt , no baggage .
I have already got my name picked out , lord rupert everton .
I am a shipping merchant who raise fancy dog .
that is the life .
i ... declare ... bankruptcy !
i did not say it , i declared it .
yeah , tell me about it .
you know , jan ha my credit card , and she is using them a if I am made of money , she think I am a human atm machine .
oh , that is the muppet show , on dvd , classic .
that is by far the best way to strengthen your core .
this machine , you sit on a stabilizer ball , you put your foot into the power stir-ups , you reach up and you grab onto the super rod , and you twist , and you twist , and you twist .
it strengthens your entire core .
your back core , your arm core , the marine core actually us it .
i think that is how they got a core .
that is so cool how you have my name at the top .
how do they do this so fast ?
no , no , we are going to leave jan out of this .
we will find another way , we will ask power-point .
you are a presentation tool if you think I am going to tell jan about this .
no you are not !
ok , just ... you are not a tool .
look , we will tell her that it is bad , but it could have been a lot worse but due to some fancy financial foot work i wa able to cut it in half .
um , that is , how did you get that from what oscar 's saying ?
what am i doing ?
i am blowing dodge .
I am getting out of town .
whatever you call it , i am running away from my responsibility .
and it feel good .
runaway train , never come back .
runaway and I am never coming back .
hey january not much , what is up with you ?
I am out of answer january i told you , no more answer .
this is who i am now .
a guy on a train with no answer .
i hope that can be enough for you .
i do not know that .
I will stay off the grid .
yeah it is , it is .
i really messed up .
that is really nice of you to say .
i think the engineer left .
do not sell your implant please .
that is nice though .
it look cute though .
i used to get offer in the mail for credit card all the time .
they would say thing like `` do not pay for six month '' or `` you can transfer your account from another card '' ... do you think I will get any new one ?
i could ... what do you mean , `` what '' ?
were you listening to what i wa saying ?
what is the matter with you ?
all right , well , go find some .
get outa here , please .
um , my cd .
my cd are in a portfolio , a rather large portfolio , um , called case logic and , um the case logic portfolio is currently in the back seat of my car .
there is another smaller case logic portfolio clipped to my visor what ?
I have been putting money into cd for year .
i bought music that i did not even like .
i can not go back to that .
i do not know if i can do that .
i can not see myself spending the next six year digging myself out of that kind of hole .
i do not have an idea in my head .
i have ... okay .
um ... tell me .
i will not tell anybody .
yeah , i will .
oh it is all good , it is all good .
we are making a commercial for dunder mifflin today .
our first ad ever .
corporate purchased some air time in local market to spread the word about dunder mifflin infinity and they are even sending up a professional ad company to help u make it later so ... it is uh , not too shabby .
okay , it is football cream .
it is football cream .
so , anybody else ?
even the receptionist is getting in on the creativity .
very good , very good .
excited to talk idea .
you know , i want this to be cutting edge .
i want it to be fast , quick cut , you know , youthful , sort of a mtv on crack kind of thing .
all right , good , well this is what we have to work with .
i would like you to meet andrew bernard .
who let the 'nard dog out ?
he give the best back rub in the office .
now this gentleman right here is the key to our urban vibe .
phyllis is like our mrs. butterworth .
kind of a le urban aunt jemima .
these are our accountant .
and a you can see they are very different size .
what you might want to do is kind of a papa bear , mama bear , baby bear thing .
that might be kind of fun .
little girl in a field holding a flower , we zoom back to find that she is in the desert and the field is an oasis .
zoom back further the desert is a sandbox in the world 's largest resort hotel .
zoom back further the hotel is actually the playground for the world 's largest prison .
but we zoom back further -- actually i do not get paid by the hour anymore , but thank you , i get paid by the year , so ... yeah , i know .
that is what nassau came up with ?
well we can do better than that .
shrek , I am a donkey !
I am a donkey , shrek !
I am just kidding .
okay , calm down .
i have a small problem .
yeah , well when i call about big problem you do not like that either , so make up you mind , kiddo .
here is the deal , the ad guy that you sent are locking me in a creative box , and sort of ignoring my idea .
I am creative , ryan .
well actually i can not cook , and i am starting a restaurant .
mike 's cereal shack .
I am thinking we will have a many variety a you can buy in the store .
i do not think you are doing such a good job here , suppressing idea and creativity .
all right , let me ask you this , tell me if you think this is creative .
when i wa five , i imagined that there wa such a thing a a unicorn .
and this is before i had even heard of one , or seen one .
i just drew a picture of a horse that could fly over rainbow , and had a huge spike in it head .
and i wa five , five year old .
could not even talk yet .
hey guy , um , you know what , we can not shoot this ad today .
how about never hundred hour , sir .
yeah , I am glad you called .
ryan is being a little bitch again .
what is up my brotha ?
listen , david , i would like to do this ad in house .
i want to use only the creativity that we have right here in the office .
and i will send it to you tomorrow morning , take a look at it , and if you do not think that it is ready to air , send the ad agency back down here , and we will do it on my dime .
I am willing to stake my entire reputation on it .
and thus , michael scott sealed his own destiny .
in a good way .
ha anyone ever come up to you and said , `` you are not creative '' ?
well they are wrong .
you are damn creative .
each and every one of you .
you are so much more creative than all of the other dry , boring moron that you work with .
we have three scene to film , big scene .
we have a song to write .
so let u get cracking .
kelly , i want you to do makeup .
oscar , i would like you to do costume design , obviously .
phyllis , I would like you look around town and see if we have any celebrity in our local area .
okay , okay , phyllis this is what i want you to do .
i want you to go down to the mall .
i want you to get in line .
i want you to get her to be in this commercial .
this would be a huge coupe people .
do not take no for an answer .
line it up phyllis .
time out , time out , time out , time out , time out .
i thought ... i wa under the impression that this wa going to be a rap .
okay , darryl , wow , you need to learn a lot about your own culture .
I will make you a mix .
stop stop stop stop stop stop .
this is not me .
this is not my music .
no , i hate it !
... i do not hate it , i just do not like it at all .
and it is terrible .
okay , you know what .
hold on , hold on darryl .
i said i hate the , the style .
wow , this look uh , terrible .
andy , andy , this is a pivotal scene in the ad .
and if we do not get this , if we do not nail it , we are going to lose the whole triumph of the moment .
the triumph of the will .
now , god , what ?
that ' a girl .
did you , or did you not get sue grafton ?
ugh , can somebody give her a tissue please ?
I am about to send the ad to corporate ... and it is sent .
they will probably watch it right away .
i know i would .
pam , please clear my phone line .
they could call at any second now .
oh god ... i better call .
well , it is been tough .
the uh , genius at corporate rejected my commercial and tonight they are airing the brain dead version .
so welcome one and all to the world premiere of corporate crapfest !
no , it wa stupid .
people like waving , waving sell .
it is not art .
yet we made our ad , the real one wa full of humor , and full of depth , and full heart and it wa real .
next round of drink is on me , people !
so , anybody else ?
everybody , let u keep them coming ... oh , god .
there are no bad idea but for an idea , that wa really , really bad .
and that is probably why most ad suck .
oh , that is them !
those are the ad guy right there .
all right , my very fortunate and creative group , go back to your desk and i will let you know when it is time to film .
pam , come here for a second .
did you get the memo about dressing your best ?
about dressing your best today ?
cool , i just wanted to make sure you got it .
this is pam beesly , representing our girl next door .
pretty but nothing special .
you know , but she sort of keep it real .
what you might want to do , is if you could zoom in , like really quick zoom on her .
oh , creed ... is the old guy over there .
do not look at him .
you might want to use him to sort of get that orville redenbacher dynamic going .
and if not we can just make him disappear .
jim ha a very expressive face , do not you jim ?
he is like our mr. bean .
so do , um , do sad , do the sad face .
no , that is skeptical .
that is , that is a pirate movie .
well , he doe not do very well under pressure .
and anybody else , we can just hire an actor to replace .
let u get this movin ' .
all right , let u start .
you are my producer , you are a suit .
i am the creative genius .
you take care of all the boring stuff , and let my mind just run free .
now , we have eighty-five dollar , and a sam goody gift certificate ... ... and we need to be done by 9 a.m. tomorrow .
we start on a single blank sheet of paper .
and we widen to reveal ancient rome .
okay , we widen to reveal a spaceship blasting out of a woman 's womb .
if you do not let me pursue my artistic vision , i am going to walk !
jim , jim , do not , do not ... no , i can do it .
i can do it good .
i can do it good .
please , do not .
please give me it .
do you want this open or closed ?
hey , everybody , i just got off the phone with david wallace , and he ha given u the go-ahead to make the first ever dunder mifflin television commercial .
i can not hear you !
heard you a little bit le that time .
must be ... okay , okay .
who could do music ?
actually , I am a little concerned about having a black person do the music , because that could create a positive stereotype that could then become a ... celestine prophesy , and keep the next bon jovi from ever picking up a piano .
this is a dummy , a la ferris bueller 's day off .
we have tied a string to the wrist , which go to the door .
when somebody open the door , the hand go down , hit the remote , turn on the tape recorder , which is me snoring .
now nobody know whether i am here , or whether i am gone .
but , you will not tell anyone .
most of the time i will be with ryan , or darryl .
oh good , good stanley !
first victim , this is what i want you to do .
go out , come back in .
we are going to hide .
i want you to tell me if this look like me , okay ?
just go out , and come back in .
hey everyone , can i have your attention please ?
i just thought you all should know that stanley hudson is planning on leaving u , because our old friend karen from utica is going to give him more money to work there .
no , no , no , no , no-no , no no .
you completely misinterpreted my tone , this is a horrible thing .
clearly , karen is trying to get back at u because jim dumped her .
okay , smarty pant , then why ?
why is she trying to take stanley from u ?
that could not possibly be it .
you can not take the hilarious black guy from the office .
stanley is part of what make this branch so extraordinary .
the bluesy wisdom , the sassy remark , the crossword puzzle , the smile , those big watery red eye .
i do not know how george bush did it when colin powell left , and if utica think that they are going to poach stanley , they have another thing coming .
how can i get you to stay ?
yeah we all want money .
but there is none in the budget , so ... tell me why you are really leaving .
mo money mo problem , stanley .
you of all people should know that .
let me ask you this , if i were- pssh , kay .
fillipellers , how is it hanging ?
okay , enough small talk , go ahead .
yes , listen , um ... you can not tear stanley from his family like this .
no , his work family .
look , this is very hard for me , but I am going to give you my best man .
you may have toby .
you can train him .
he is very very smart , and funny , and charming ... you know , i can not do it , toby is the worst .
that- that wa a bluff , um ... listen , if you are going to poach one of my guy , I am going to poach one of yours .
karen , could you transfer me to one of your salesperson please ?
hi ben , michael scott .
I am going to cut right to the chase here .
do you like magic ?
because I am a genie in a bottle , and I am going to grant you three wish .
to move to scranton , to have a great job , and to be my best friend .
i also saved her life , but i guess that is not a grabby .
no , i fired them , and your next .
... so what do you say ?
what is that guy talking about ?
scranton is not lame .
scranton is the cool , fun branch .
we are like animal house .
jim , we are getting crapped on .
word is that our branch suck , and we have to do something about it .
what are we going to do ?
we are going to make a monster sale , that is what we are going to do .
yes they did , oh yes they did , and we are going to murder it .
you , me , dwight are going to jump into my pt cruiser , and we are going to crush this sale .
we are going to prove , what the hell is that music ?
that is the problem , that is the problem .
we need rock n ' roll pam , rock n ' roll .
oh ... my ... god , that is why people are leaving .
i- i have no word .
look at his face !
look at his face !
what are we doing , dwight , what we are doing ?
we are going on a panty raid to utica , is what we are doing .
oh , buckle up jim .
we are going to make karen wish that she had never been dumped by you .
in your face are you calling karen ?
yep , get it .
it had to be done , it had to be done .
hey dwight , he found it .
alright , you are going to miss the best prank ever .
do you really want to know ?
follow me , come here .
here is what we brought , we brought uniform from the warehouse .
i brought silly string , dwight brought gasoline and chunk of rubber to make stink bomb .
no , no , not real bomb .
uh , maybe , maybe , i do not know .
it could be badass .
yeah , it will .
teach her to offer stanley more money .
so , why did you and karen break up ?
wa it the sex ?
i can not imagine the sex being bad , i mean her body is ... ... awesome .
okay , i will start .
um , `` a . '' `` a '' my name is alan , and my wife 's name is alice , we live in alaska , and we sell ... damn it !
what do we sell ?
um ... I am trying to think of what we could sell .
ah , la , la , la .
that sound ... the air-conditioning leaking or something ?
dwight , are you peeing ?
come on man , that is disgusting dwight !
I will kill you man !
that is just so disgusting !
afro wig , do you want the afro wig ?
yeah , dwight , here is how it is going to go down .
you and i- you and i are going to sneak inside and pretend that we are warehouse worker .
and then we will silly string the beejeezus out of the place .
we are in a stairwell .
there is a guy , there is a guy .
oh my god , oh my god , that wa very close .
we found something far better , their crown jewel .
it is enormous , but it is got wheel .
we are wheeling it down the hall , into the stairwell .
get the car ready , keep the engine running .
we are wedged between the copier and the railing .
ow , my leg !
dwight , you got to move !
dwight , could you move over a little bit .
take her to a motel , make love to her jim .
just say you want to get back together .
it doe not have to mean anything .
just , do it for stanley .
come on jim , just climb on top of her and think about stanley .
ah , jim , if this is it for me , promise me something , host the dundies .
granted , maybe this wa not the best idea , but at least we care enough about our employee that we are willing to fight for them .
and if you so much a harm a hair on stanley 's head , we will burn utica to the ground .
we tried and we failed .
stanley , you may go .
here is a box , for your thing , but i doubt that that box will be able to contain all the memory that you have of this place .
fly away sweet little bird , fly away and be free .
pam , I am going to need some help writing a want ad .
um , wanted : middle aged black man with sas .
big butt , bigger heart .
i can not do this .
utica is snoozeville , um , albany are the prepsters , nashua , no parking , um , akron is haunted , camden ... is in a basement , yonkers ha the two hot girl , and here in scranton , we are the cool guy .
yes , i am , but i want shotgun for you .
dwight , jim is sitting next to me .
you are going to sit in the back left where i do not have to see your ugly moongob .
dwight , you are handsome .
you are a very handsome man , get in the car .
can you help me please , I am being crushed .
would it have killed you to spend the afternoon making love to her in a motel room ?
like i begged you to ?
pam would have understood .
heck , pam would have done it .
hey , nobody care .
i need that room at some point , so just , wrap it up .
hypothetically , if i were to ask you to go camping , and you know what hypothetical mean ?
so if i were to hypothetically ask you to go camping with me , would you go ?
oh , you want to go today ?
how often can you actually donate blood ?
your body only ha a certain amount .
yeah , just this whole toby , camping thing , uh , seems a little lame .
a bunch of guy , in a tent ?
hello , I am broken mountain .
you know , here is the thing .
that is not how you go camping .
i think you go camping by yourself -- in the wilderness .
it is not with a group of guy frolicking around in tent .
it is one guy , or two guy , if your plan change .
i want to do it myself .
you know , i want to go and , and find out something about myself , i want to get outta here .
all the clique , and the office politics .
I am sick of it jim .
I am sick of this place .
when jan and i had satellite , we used to watch a reality show called `` survivorman . '' and , it wa interesting because it wa about a guy who would go out in the middle of no where and just try not to die , try not to get eaten by an animal , or be overexposed .
ok , i will only need two thing .
roll of duct tape and a knife .
ok. thirty minute or le , please come back .
hey , what ... hey , hey hey !
dwight and i are going out .
he will return later , but i will not .
i will also be taking a personal day tomorrow , and perhaps the next day .
dwight will be driving me deep into the pennsylvania wilderness .
where he will then leave me to either die or to survive .
the choice is yours .
yes , and i am leaving you in charge of the office for the rest of the day and for the next several day .
do not try to follow me .
this is a very personal , private experience in the wild , that i wish to share it with me , myself and i. when i return , i hope to be a completely changed human being .
this is what a true survivor man doe .
you simulate a disaster , like a plane wreck .
you could only wear the clothes that you have on , and you could only use the stuff you have in your pocket .
now , in this case , this disaster is a serial killer .
creepy guy who is abducted me and is taking me out into the wilderness to leave me for dead .
well , yes i would .
and i would survive .
well ... you ... you ... you are a creepy a a real serial killer .
ok. i am putting this on so i have no familiarity with my surroundings .
now this way , i can not retrace my step .
i do not know what street we have been -- ow !
what are you doing ?
stop it , stop it !
just , please allow me to have one cathartic experience in my life ?
look at those wrinkle .
not crack the drug .
dwight will take my blindfold off when we are deep in the forest .
just the two of u from this point out .
what are you doing ?
thank you , dwight .
alright , very good .
ahh , ok. thanks for the ride .
ok. leave me be , dwight .
I am in the interior of the vast pennsylvania wilderness .
I have brought with me only the bare essential .
a knife , roll of duct tape , in case i need to craft some shelter or make some sort of water vessel .
it is hot today .
the sun is in the two-thirds easterly quadrant , which would make it about 2 of the clock in the afternoon .
it is really beating down on me now .
i think that i want to get a little more comfortable because the sun is depleting my resource .
ok. oh , there we go .
watch that i do not hit my corroded artery here ... there we go .
now everything i brought with me can be used .
my sport coat here , can be fashioned into a backpack of sort .
I am going to wear what wa once one of my pant leg .
see , this is a beautiful piece of material this could be used for all sort of thing .
some sort of kerchief to keep my neck nice and comfortable .
i am totally alone right now , with only my thought .
I am loving it .
i can literally say anything i want .
no one is going to here me .
wish i could have gone with ryan on that cool retreat !
jan ha plastic boob !
doe not even matter .
well it is a little chillier than i had thought , so i have fashioned my hat back into my pant .
several hour in , time for me to find some nourishment .
now , these wood are full of creature that can sustain human life .
thing like , uh , squirrel , nice juicy rabbit would be delicious .
i have made this spear , with which i will impale my dinner .
and it could not come a moment too soon because i have been without food for a good three hour or so .
I am startin ' to feel it a little bit .
ohh ... it is creed 's birthday .
happy birthday to you .
happy birthday to you .
happy birthday to creed .
happy birthday to you .
happy birthday , buddy .
well if you take a look at this , i tented my pant .
I have made myself a nice pant tent shelter .
and this little guy may be dunder mifflin paper some day .
under this tree , i think i struck the mother load .
those are nature 's best mushroom .
wild , and i have to say these little bugger are damn tasty a well .
alright , skip around the room .
skip around the room .
we want -- ok , alright .
yeah , do not do that .
you are going to break something .
man became civilized for a reason .
he decided that he liked to have warmth , and clothing , and television , and hamburger , and to walk upright , and to have a soft futon at the end of the day .
he did not want to have to struggle to survive .
i do not need the wood .
i have a nice wood desk .
i do not need fresh air , because i have the freshest air around , a.c. and i do not need wide open space .
i can also make it the sky .
so what did i miss ?
yeah , okay , i did that .
yeah , just wait .
ten year , you will figure it out .
that is what i said .
that is what she said .
i just say it .
i say stuff like that , you know , to lighten the tension .
when thing sort of get hard .
bravo , my young ward .
pam , are you my friend ?
we have been friend forever , right ?
hypothetically ... would you go camping with me , if i were to ask you ?
and bear in mind that i would never actually ask you to go camping .
that jim is also a friend of mine , and i would rather die than make any sort of improper ovation toward you .
do you understand that jim is like a brother to me , and i would never do anything inappropriate ?
so , a friend , would you go with me on a camping trip ?
thank you for your honesty .
hey ... mint chocolate chip , please ?
is jim out there ?
can you send dwight in here ?
i had something very personal i would like to discus .
would you go find jim , and send him in here , please ?
all right , dexter , just give me the knife .
no , just get me a case .
all i need ... no , dwight !
I am telling you , all i will need are my instinct and my will to survive .
what is this called again ?
nobody like to work late , least of all me .
do you have plan tonight ?
mmm , this is b.s .
why are we here ?
i am going to call corporate .
enough is enough , I am - god , I am so mad !
this is michael scott , scranton , well we do not want to work .
no we do not !
it is not fair to these people .
these people are my friend and i care about them !
we are not going to do it !
everybody i just got off the horn with corporate and basically i told them where they could stick their little overtime assignment .
go enjoy your friday .
all right , happy friday .
well i think we dodged a bullet there .
i think we should celebrate .
how about you , pam , mi casa , a little dinner , dancing , drink ?
you said you did not have plan .
that is what you said .
dwight , it is couple only .
and besides , i only have six wine glass , so it will be me and jan , and pam and jim , and angela and andy .
good to see you .
so , what have you been doing ?
well we have been doing pretty much the same thing .
well have a seat , or come on in , or , i do not know , make yourself to home .
this is our casa .
totally your call babe .
oh , just redoing the sliding glass door .
well , that is ... yep , never been used .
this is it , check that out , can you smell that ?
a you can smell there is a lot of different odor going on in here .
i am bond fire , james bond fire .
guess what , white and eggshell white are exactly the same color .
well , i- thanks , that is my bed .
jan ha some space issue , so i curl up on that puppy .
it is actually a lot bigger than it seems .
i finally broke down and bought myself a plasma tv .
i actually hung this on the wall myself .
i want to show you something .
a lot of people in the room , need more space ?
voila , right in the wall .
sometimes i will just stand here and watch television for hour .
i love it , i love this tv .
oh and i also built this table .
no , i think that is either pine , or nordic cherry .
if you ever need any help , i am just a phone call away .
oh honey , i have the best trophy right here , aside from my dundies .
I will get it .
whatever you say babe .
how 'bout a toast .
here is to good friend .
kind of sorta an oaky afterbirth .
yeah that sound good .
you know what , hunter wa a terrible assistant , that is why ryan fired him .
all right , my my my my turn , my my my my turn , my my my my turn .
yes , i wa watching jim 's face .
and he wa laughing .
look at him , he is laughing .
well you do not need two of you to do that .
that is true , that is a great point .
come on down here .
sit down on that couch and be amongst friend and we are not going to think about all your stuff being destroyed , all right .
all right here we go , this is going to be fun , ready .
all right first name is tom- all right , okay , okay , you are getting inside my head .
first name is blank and he go on a cruise , he go on a caribbean cruise .
but he is married to her !
it ha to be a real person jim , come on .
okay , no no , I am going to pas , I am going to pas .
okay , rhyme with parnold schporzenegger .
okay , he is the governor of california , he is the terminator .
god , doe anybody read the paper ? !
i do not like that story babe .
stop , stop it !
i mean , i like ice cream .
oh , no , do not .
i should not say that jokingly because she will sue me .
she love to sue , love lawsuit .
you know honey , that door wa extremely clean and it looked invisible .
ha ha , you are !
she is the devil !
I am in hell !
aaahhh I am burning , help me !
so i spend most of my time right here .
so jim i noticed you checking out jan 's candle .
yeah , did you know that candle are the number one fastest-growing product in the scent aroma market ?
$ 2 billion dollar a year industry .
and for only $ 10,000 , you could become a co-owner of `` serenity by jan '' what do you think about that ?
dwight is my friend .
you said that i could not invite dwight because he wa not part of a couple , and because we did not have enough wine glass .
dwight brought glass and a person .
it is never whatever i want .
when i wanted to see stomp , and you wanted to see wicked , what did we see ?
when i said that i wanted to have kid , and you said , you wanted me to have a vasectomy , what did i do ?
and then when you said that you might want to have kid and i wa not so sure , who had the vasectomy reversed ?
and then when you said you defintely did not want to have kid , who had it reversed back ?
you have no idea the physical toll , that three vasectomy have on a person .
and i bought this condo to fill with child .
do you mean it ?
you want to have a kid ?
pam ... i hope she did not do anything to the food .
i can not prove it but i think she might be trying to poison me .
hey , look great babe .
you know i have soft teeth , how can you say that ?
excuse me for a second .
ok ... alright ... here we go .
everybody enjoying their meal ?
I am going to leave it up .
i think it tie the whole room together .
jan think hunter is very talented .
i do not think he is that good .
I am a screenwriter .
no all you do is you get me to try to work on my rich friend !
i would love to burn your candle !
I will be your first customer !
that is what she said !
that is a 200 dollar plasma screen tv you just killed !
good luck paying me back on your zero dollar a year salary plus benefit , babe !
you know what guy , she will be out of the bathroom soon .
just a couple of friend having an awesome dinner party .
there wa some screaming but ... um ... my girlfriend ... threw a dundie at my tv .
would she get into trouble ?
i will take the fall .
my ideal at a party ?
because at the end of the night , brad or angelina would have to come and pick him up and i would get to meet them .
shia la beef because of disturbia .
umm , all of the child of the world .
but he probably would not come , too famous .
umm ... and jan definitely , if there wa room .
yes , i did , for you , princess .
even though i only went number one .
i did not really wash my hand .
ohhh , what have we here ?
they need to be presented ... royally ... anyone ?
let u get down to some wine drinking .
it is been a rough couple of week .
well , jan fell asleep during her neighborhood watch shift .
so she is passed out , and some kid spray-paint a swear word on the neighbor ' dog ... and the neighbor blamed january it is like , you know , the dog should not have been outside in the first place .
anyway , it is a tragedy , really , because the paint is not going to come off the dog until it shed ... so ... well .
pam , when i first opened this catalog , i thought i wa just going to be picking out a chair .
have you ever seen this woman ?
hmm ... look at her smile .
those eye , look at her eye .
she is got - i do not know what it is actually , she dress like a professional and yet you know there is a side of her that could just curl up on a couch .
oh , yeah , maybe , but remember after my dinner party when i said that i wa swearing off woman ?
i think what i meant wa that i wa completely swearing off one woman .
january i think that fate put this catalog in my hand .
what is it like being single ?
i like starting each day with a sense of possibility .
and I am optimistic because every day i get a little more desperate and desperate situation yield the quickest result .
lady and gentleman , would you please open your supply catalog and kindly turn to page 85. i am ready to start dating again .
getting back on the market .
so , fyi , for those of you who are thinking about fixing me up with any of your friend , use the woman on page 85 a a template .
that will be all .
listen man , i am completely over jan , so , would you set me up ?
i thought that you were engaged ?
god , that is terrible man .
eghh , she is crazy .
umm , are you still on good term with any of her friend ?
oh ... yeah ... ugh .
she is ... you do not deserve her .
oh hello oscar mayer weiner lover .
i bet that you have a bunch of very liberal girl type friend that trust you implicitly because they know you would never touch them , because of your condition .
hmm , i see , feisty .
so she is not jolly or sassy ?
not like a jolly , sassy opera singer ?
catcher or in field ?
is she a dress wearer or a pant wearer ?
could we share a row boat ?
could , could a row boat support her ?
i think I am being very clear what I am asking .
would an average size row boat support her without capsizing ?
it bother me that you are not answering the question .
damn it , i knew it !
i knew it phyllis !
what is wrong with these people ?
i would do anything for them and they are just hanging me out to dry .
dating should not be hard for somebody like me , but it is and you know why ?
because nobody here is willing to help me .
nothing would ever get done in this office without a formal request , would it ?
well , now ok , i know that this is probably not appropriate , but i need help .
because i want to play ball with my kid before i get too old .
and before that happens i need to get laid .
and before that happens i need to be in love .
and i do not want to hear `` ahnnn ... i can not help elhh la la . '' no .
I am a catch and i am not going to be the one who got away .
so , this is what we are going to do .
dwight is going to hand out index card and i want you all to write down the name of an eligible woman for me to date by the end of the day .
no , by the end of the hour or you are fired .
hmm .. well , look , i am in an assigned parking place in front , so ... alright , alright , alright , umm let me try to think about what it would be like to not have one .
ok , yes that would be bad .
that would be bad .
wish i could , but i can not .
well can , but will not .
should , maybe , but shor n't .
what part of shor n't do not you understand , kevin ?
look i could probably handle it , yes , but i think it would be a good exercise for you guy to do it yourselves .
oh you can not because i do not care .
listen , do not forget to fill out those card .
hot and juicy red head .
give this a try .
hello wendy , this is kevin 's friend , michael .
oh , I am sorry , could you put her on please ?
ok , umm , could i just have a frosty and a baked potato please ?
well , I will send somebody to come pick it up .
just have it ready .
well put it aside .
good because this batch wa awful .
umm ... this one say chair model ... that sound good .
wa-wait , wait , wait , wait .
first , go to wendy 's , get my food .
come back and then go .
she is so young .
oh ... try not to be so hurtful jim .
please , not at a time like this .
what is her name ?
i do not , i do not think I am ready .
no question about it , i am ready to get hurt again .
no , not the five family .
sorry , i do not have time for this right now .
I am trying to get a date with pam 's hot friend .
and she need to meet me right now .
thank you very much .
our suspect ha straight brown hair .
she is wearing blue jean and a black top .
so ... behold our bachelorette .
give her ten for look and a three for her ability to describe herself .
hello , my lady .
is who a michael what ?
oh , that is not , yeah I am not ... ok ... so you get the rent check every month and what happens next ?
what ... just making conversation .
why is it so hard to meet people ?
i ... you know ... it is uh ... all i want is somebody nice and sweet and someone i can talk to and share an experience with , you know ?
why is it so hard for people like u ?
you want to see what i walked out on ?
this is going to blow your mind .
yeah , and you can not see her whole body .
down here , she is got a boob job .
just ... she wa just crazy smart and really manipulative and i do not know .
oh , ok. well , umm ... i enjoyed this conversation .
it wa very nice .
it wa like talking to the sweet old lady on the bus .
now you ruined it .
margaret the land lady ?
really pam , is that what you think of me ?
oh , ok , well I am looking for a passionate affair , not companionship .
I am a man ... of intensity , of , of cool and youth and , and passionately .
god ... i do not know man .
i wa with jan for so long .
i wa excited about meeting somebody new .
put my heart out there .
it is just ... you are right .
what do you mean though ?
how did she die ?
she wa so innocent .
you know i used to think that i had this perfect person out there waiting for me , but knowing that , that is just silly because she is dead .
what do you do ?
oh , you move on .
bye , bye , ms. chair model lady .
i dreamt that we were married and you treated me nice .
we had lot of kid ... drinking whiskey and rye , oh why did you have to go off and die ?
why did you have to go off and die ?
this 'll be the day that i died .
it is moving day .
i have spent the last month here at dwight 's lovely farm , taking a little bit of a vacation , clearing my head after jan and i , um ssp ... no , i did not kill her .
we were just at different place in our life .
no , i thought I would be the bigger man and allow her to stay at the condo .
she ha since moved on ; she is staying with her sister in scottsdale .
fresh outlook , and it is all good .
you were charging me ?
I am your friend .
there wa no other guest the entire time i wa here .
all right , dwight .
keep in mind that this whole thing wa just a business transaction .
the late night , the talk , the slumber party , the cry jag , that wa all business , that had nothing to do with friendship , and being friend .
just ring me up .
thank you , dwight .
dwight , little help with the bag , please .
so , what about you , angela ?
do you have any single friend ?
a cute little religious type , someone who wear a uniform , or ... no , no , obviously older .
those have been my goal ever since i heard that song .
jan and i had love .
we did not have marriage .
we did have a baby carriage , which i got her for bringing grocery home , after she got a duo .
would you consider hookin ' me up with one of your friend ?
what is her number ?
mmm ... nah , that is too young .
all right , time 's up !
please pas your future mrs. michael scott forward .
you do not have one single girlfriend ?
I am not looking for a perfect 10 here , just somebody to hang out with .
just fun , healthy young woman .
a kindergarten teacher , who is great with kid , maybe an ex-model , and now she want to do something with her brain ?
how 'bout a professional volleyball player who model on the side ?
you know , just a fun , guh , look , there , here , it doe not have to be a model .
I am not , do not rule out model , but just in term of model , there are like twenty different category .
there is face model , hand model , body model - yes .
no , i am , it is all about the personality , jim .
send me a picture .
so far , these are my lead .
a blind tollbooth operator and a twelve hundred pound catcher .
it is a start .
i got gum in my hair .
do not touch it , please do not touch it .
ok , let me be .
i wa walking in and i noticed something shinny under stanley 's car and i got under to see what it wa and i messed up my hair , all for a stupid piece of tinfoil .
kill me ... right now .
i do not feel like peanut butter .
get me an ice cream sandwich .
hey , hey , hey .
this is my hair we are talking about .
well just do not leave it on too long .
ah yeah , that is nice .
i will be honest ; the dating ha not been going well .
look , men are visual creature .
we crave beauty , like a piece of fine art by any number of renowned artist , or an arty photograph of cindy crawford nude ... that , but the woman I am getting fixed up with are , egh !
not that they are not nice , or that have great personality , they just ... they just lack a certain ... crawfordness .
lady and gentleman , may i have your attention please .
i know that a lot of you are very angry with ryan because he is the reason we all have to come in tomorrow , however , i swear to god , if any of you hurt him in any way emotionally or taunt him or make fun of his height or his half beard or ... yeah .
ryan ha done a very good job , and i am not applauding sarcastically .
think about it , a month ago nobody would go on this site because we were worried about getting molested , or losing our identity , having it stolen .
but now , at a time tdb , all of the problem will be in the past .
ya done good kid , ya done good .
well it ha been nice seeing you again my friend .
oh ryan , i need a girlfriend so bad .
do you know any girl in new york you might want to hook me up with ?
some that might be interested in a guy like me .
would you have sex with meredith ?
do you think she would keep it quiet ?
jim , it is not the horniness , ok it is the loneliness that ... let u go to new york .
we will go clubbing with ryan .
yes you can , you are single , I am single .
it will be awesome .
that is still going on ?
ok , dwight grab your stuff , we are going to new york to party with ryan and to meet girl .
can not take any chance on curse , not tonight .
everybody , i will see you tomorrow , saturday morning , probably wearing the same clothes that i am wearing right now , if you catch my drift .
i am going to go get laid .
that is ... i , i think that ... ryan 's assistant told u that he would be at this club this evening .
it is called prerogative .
packed with beautiful baby .
john favreau , tall guy from dodgeball .
no , they are just hotties .
well you know , just taking you up on your offer to party , so tada .
ryan , it is michael and dwight .
let u do it !
hey , nice to meet you .
oh ok , all i know is i would like some chicken finger and a midori sour .
oh ok , then just bring me two cup , one with olive and another filled with maraschino cherry .
i umm , thought about getting a tattoo on my back a well at one point .
i wa thinking about getting `` back to the future . '' `` back '' because it is on my back and `` future '' because I am the kind of guy who like to look ahead into the future .
i just think a tattoo should mean something , you know ?
and it is my second favorite movie .
back to the future ?
well you should take a , a film education course .
forty ... I am in my forty .
nuhh ... oh , ok. you are welcome .
this place is like sexy pre-school .
i would love a place where we could meet older < i > girl < /i > .
I have never met anyone who doe that .
i am a bank teller .
ryan told me to always tell woman you work in finance .
yeah , i have fun .
oh my this need to be shared .
i do not want to get ahead of myself , but i think i want her to meet my mom .
hmm ... i am .
i am getting out there .
well , no I have asked a lot of girl to dance mom .
they are just , it is not ... yes , i shaved above my neck .
oh my god , mom , i got to go .
one of my friend is getting beaten up by some girl .
those girl really wailed on you bad .
well ... pretty weird .
i know , here we go .
this is where the magic happens .
dwight , I am the bos .
case anyone need to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night , i do not wannna get my head stepped on .
dwight , shh shh .
ryan , ryan , we are going to take your clothes off .
shh , just stop .
here is what you do .
you tell him that you are his friend and that you are going to help him and that everyone is going to be all right .
and then you put a wire on him and you find out who is selling him drug and then you get that guy and you flip up , turn him into a snitch .
you follow that guy to the people who is really really bad .
been watching the wire recently .
i do not understand a word of it .
like i said , it is not about the horniness , it is about the loneliness .
and how can i be lonely with my boy ?
like a famous person once said , boy on the side .
but i do not , i disagree , i say ... let u hear it for the boy .
you are going to be okay , it is going to ... ahh , ooh !
come on , come on .
here we go , let u sit down .
all right , shhh .
dwight , leave him alone .
you had a rough night tonight .
but your life is very good , my friend .
you have got a great job , you ... you can have any woman you want , you are good looking , you , you know ... frien .. ss ... yes , you are friend with a hobbit , and ... look where you live .
i mean , you have got it all .
no , i mean this apartment building , it is fantastic .
well , now i can say that i went to a museum .
do you ever miss u ?
do you remember what color my eye are ?
dwight , i asked him .
not just because he said it ?
listen up , i need your idea , now !
idea please , right now !
wet cement , outside .
it is drying fast , come on .
this is a lifelong dream .
what do i write ?
what do i write ?
some idiot named mark greg sputnik will claim credit for it .
i do not ... once in a lifetime opportunity people !
come on , here we go !
let u , yes ?
okay ... okay , do it !
let u hear it !
it is drying , it is drying ... alright , hablbelah , come on , phyl !
come on , give me something good !
i love it more !
i ... love it ! !
haha , come on !
that is what she said .
today is a very special day for me .
and it is really not about me , it is about my grandkids , it is about my great grandkids ... i can come back here when I am 100 , and i can find that piece of cement and say , `` that is me .
look kid , your daddy left that face hole ... '' i dunno , it is a good feeling .
all right , everybody ... oh my god , pam , those make you look so ugly .
um , pam , in order to get hotter , you take the glass off .
you are moving in the wrong direction ... ub , dub dah , do not need , i can not even hear you .
it is just noise coming out of an ugly scientist .
um , everybody , we are going to have a little brainstorming session in the conference room .
ener-gize ... everybody , so how are we going to energize our office ?
i mean , i have not done anything since christmas .
pam , clearly , ha just given up trying .
so what we need to do is we get thing going , we need to get percolating a little bit .
anybody have any idea of what we could do .
zing and pep , see that is those are the kind of word we are looking for .
now we are cooking .
maybe a whole theme , like a rap .
a rap rhyme ... an urban , yeah , stanley ?
you want to help u out with that ? ... stanley , earth to stanley ... yes you .
come on , stanley , put your little game down and join the group .
stanley , we are havin a little ... we are havin a little brainstorm session ... ... good , this is good .
I am going to grab a glass of water .
what are you blabbering about ?
in the conference room ?
we were joshin around , the two of u , and he said `` did i stutter , '' and i said `` wha-wha-wha-wha-what , dawg ? '' it wa joking , toby , alright ?
well you do not get it , because stanley is a beautiful , sassy , powerful black man , and you are ... you .
if you had any friend , you would understand .
friend joke with one another : `` hey um , you are poor . '' `` well hey , you are mama 's dead . '' that is what friend do .
it is ... you are so white .
okay , i will ... I am not feeling very well right now though .
my stomach hurt , so i may be going home early today , but ... well sometimes my stomach hurt when you come into my office , so it is probably psychological .
i , uh , see that you ... gave me that form that i asked you to give me , stanley the manly , so thank you for that .
i guess we are back to normal .
well , you know , uh , the thing that you said earlier , that you did not mean , um , and that i forgive you for .
the whole thing 's silly , is not it ?
friend do not need to apologize to friend a far a I am concerned , so we are cool .
uh huh ... great what is the pink ?
ok ... is there anybody up here , anybody at all , that can deal with this ?
i never said you could do that .
i ... okay , i will think about it .
darryl , have you ever been in a gang ?
it is an advice question , and if you do not want to talk about it , i completely understand .
it is , um ... i know , it is very , very personal ... i knew it .
okay , who we talking about here ?
okay , so dig this : you are on the street , and one of your gang dis you .
yeah , right , so what do you do to get them to make it right ?
i would have never thought that gang would be tickling each other .
okay , everybody , shh !
so , earlier today , stanley sassed me , and toby gave me some suggestion on how to discipline him .
they did not work , obviously , because they were stupid , so i am now going to fake fire him .
it is like a mock execution .
yes it is a good idea .
it is the only possible solution i have left .
no , okay ... I have had enough of you .
because i want you to behave a if I am actually firing him , oscar , okay ?
I am not firing him .
I am not , i need you to act like i am firing him .
just , what I am going to do , is I am going to pretend that i am firing him , and i need you to act like i am firing him .
do you get that ?
do you get it ?
I am teaching him a lesson .
he need to learn humility , alright ?
that is all I am , okay , here he come .
let u just ... play act .
stanley , may i talk to you for a second ?
stanley hudson , you are fired .
i am serious , we are all serious .
you are fired like a heart attack .
alright alright , okay , you know what ?
now you know how i feel .
this wa a fake firing .
good work , everybody .
and uh ... do you have anything to say to me ?
that is not- all right , all right ... okay .
hey , stop it !
okay , everybody out .
everybody , except stanley .
i do not understand why you keep picking on me .
you just , do , and i do not know why , so ... please help me understand .
well stanley , maybe you are feeling that you do not respect me because you do not know me very well .
all right , you do not respect me .
but listen to me , you can not talk to me that way in this office , you just can not .
i am your bos .
can not allow it .
i am good person , and sometimes , good people do not get no respect .
hey , i do not get no respect .
no respect at all .
when i wa in the sandbox a a kid , i got not respect .
my wife like to talk after sex , so she called me from a hotel room , and said , `` i do not respect you ! '' ahh , thoughtless .
aw , you know what do not get no respect ?
why do not they just make the plane out of the airline food ?
my wife do not get no respect , some-take her , please , for example .
if you do not get no respect , you might be redneck .
what is the deal with grapenuts ?
no grape , no nut .
i do not get no respect !
so I am thinking , a a reward for our loyal client , that we contact their assistant , and we find out where they live .
and then , we go to their house , in the middle of the summer , and go caroling .
it is a summer christmas sale-abration .
and we call it , a summer sales-a-lot .
alright , everybody out except phyllis .
you know , i do not care what he did to me .
he is mean to other people , that is what get me .
he is just ... everybody .
he just , he is always , he is always talking about people behind their back to me .
like that people are stupid , and that they are idiot , and that they are slut .
because he is mean .
he is , he is like a really mean-spirited guy .
he talk about how gay oscar is ... and that angela 's a midget , and that your chin is too big .
i know , i know .
i think it is tiny .
i think it is too small if anything .
and that your glass make you look ugly .
well , he is just mean .
it is complicated , pam .
i mean , the world look a lot easier from behind your reception desk .
i put stanley on a pedestal , for a long time .
but sometimes he can just be a big , fat jerk .
i ... jerk do not deserve to be on pedestal .
jerk should be placed up somewhere where everybody can see how jerky they are .
big marble ... jerk stand .
pam , stand up .
come on , show me excited !
yeah , I am pretty excited too .
today I am heading over to the job fair at valley view high school , to find some new intern .
want to get some fresh blood .
um , euthanize this place .
why are you dressed like that ?
like you are applying for a loan .
okay , here is what we are going to do : I am going to instruct the kid about management and sale .
oscar will be in charge of accounting .
pam will be eye candy .
no ... uh , also , because that is your alma mater .
darryl will hire some kid for the warehouse .
we do not have to worry about internship with them , because they definitely are not going to college .
a little over the top , do not you think ?
this is all we need .
yes we will see oscar , we will see , because a blank sheet of paper equal endless possibility !
can i talk to you for a sec ?
hey , uh , remember what we talked about , in the car on the way up , `` only the best and the brightest . '' he is totally wrong , pam .
listen , i do not think that a handsome , funny , smart , funny-looking kid like you , should limit himself .
you could do whatever you want to do .
you could be a classy janitor , or a cashier with dignity , or a ... migraine worker .
maybe for you , paper should be more of a hobby .
oh , no problem .
he put his name on the piece of - okay , that wa supposed to be a blank canvas on which to put their hope and dream .
and he just , made it into a stupid piece of paper .
we need another one , immediately .
i ... do not .
i need a smart intern .
well it is funny that you should ask , because it is really more than a company ... dammit , oscar !
yeah , I am trying to lure these kid into my booth , but uh , kid are very wary about being `` lured '' these day .
what do you want ?
I am not there , jim 's not there , why should they have to be there ?
what , what is this ?
this is not dunder mifflin paper .
some sort of pendleton crap .
we are dying here .
i want you to go back to the office and i want you to get the real stuff .
i want you to get ultra white card stock .
and do not call me shirley .
all of these job ?
i would rather live jobless , on a beach somewhere , off the money from a large inheritance , than to have to work in any one of these crap-holes .
what is your last name ?
this ... just in .
justin is the ugly girl in the movie , who take off her glass and she is hot !
and you realize she wa always hot , she wa just wearing glass .
and that you were the blind one .
he is the most ... important thing in my life right now .
i want you to meet my family .
this is darryl philbin .
is not he big ?
and you already met her , pam beesly , office hottie .
she will `` do '' you .
but she ha already dated two guy in the office , that we know of , so , this could be number three , you never know ?
i would never say this to her face , but she is a wonderful person and a gifted artist .
so , what do you think ?
think these guy are nice ?
the guy i did not bring are even better .
justin , I am willing to commit right now .
would you do me the honor , of spending the summer with u , at dunder mifflin ?
i think , i think you are very special .
no , i did not .
i , uh , hmm .
why do not ... hey .
hold down the fort , i have to do something .
if you can hear me , I would like you to look around at all these company and know that none of them are good enough for you .
h & amp ; r block ?
come on , i mean i do not even know what they do .
frank regan funeral home ?
air force is cool .
you know , that is not what you want .
dunder- they , well , okay i see security is coming so i just want to say , come to dunder mifflin .
dunder mifflin , a great place to work !
show of hand , anybody want to intern at dunder mifflin ?
we do not offer college credit , we can not give you any sort of pay , but it is a really fun work environment .
okay , I am going to wrap it up here .
thank you for your time , and drive safe .
today i did something stupid .
and i will never do that again .
because i look at somebody like jim halpert and i think , that guy can do anything he want to do .
he could do anything , and he chooses to work here , selling paper .
yeah , kiss her .
well , kid today have a very short attention span .
they are into texting and video game and sex , and they just , they get distracted easily .
and today they are being distracted by the other booth .
michael scott , regional manager , dunder mifflin .
that is a very firm handshake .
ow , ow , aahch !
killing my hand , there .
so , what is your poison ?
you like uh , sale , accounting , customer service , what do you like ... sale is and could be very , very cool .
if you like paper , and you love to laugh , this is the place for you .
we have a lot of fun .
this is one of our staff .
this is pam beesly , receptionist extraordinaire .
check that out , huh ?
she sits there all day .
you get to look at her .
why do not you hold out your hand .
tell me what you feel .
that is called card stock .
that is what you are feeling .
now what you are feeling inside is confusion , butterfly , exhilaration ... you are thinking , `` am i good enough for this job ?
do i have what it take ? '' and i think we both know the answer .
we will find that out together .
you can keep that .
do not fold it , though .
we have the dundies , my birthday , those blow out , and it is sexy , it is sort of a sexy atmosphere , you know ?
the other day , in the parking lot , i actually found a condom .
I have been meaning to ask you , do you know whose that wa ?
so , sexy is fun ... hey , you know what ?
coincidence - i am going to go for a little stroll myself .
are you psyched about the summer ?
yeah , me , too .
okay , be my guest .
and do your worst .
so , i forgot to mention that my old temp is now my bos , so , give you an idea of how quickly you can move up in this ... one other thing i wanted to ... ohh ... nah .
wait , you want this kid to be in the air force ?
you think this kid could be a fighter pilot ?
have you given any more thought to dunder mifflin ?
well , yeah , but you do not need the brochure .
the brochure is up here and it is in here .
i think you are smart , and capable , and you aim high .
today is toby flenderson 's last day .
i could not sleep last night .
so much energy ... there are certain day you know you know you will remember for the rest of your life , and i just have a feeling that today is one of those day .
so here we go , just a matter of hour now , until his horribleness ha left the building .
I am going to set my watch alarm ... and ... first thing on the agenda-actually , the only thing on the agenda , is the status of toby 's going away party .
okay , well , this will not do .
toby is going away forever , and uh , we need to do something very very special .
in some culture , when somebody leaf , like new orleans culture , they have a parade and they have a band and people party in the street ... if the devil were to explode , and evil were gone forever , what sort of party would you have ?
like a beach blowout ?
or a toga , toga- toga !
i thought that you might say that .
every year , my sweet , sweet grandmother sends me a check on my birthday for fifty dollar .
and lately , she ha been sending me , like nine or ten check a year ... uh , a nana start to ... but , i knew i should be saving it for something , i just did not know what i should be saving it for .
and then i had an awakening .
`` michael , buy a motorcycle . '' so i put the money in my shoe , and then i forgot about it until now .
i want a party that make me feel like i am flying through the air without this ... ugly weight holding me down , you know ? ... i want an antigravity machine .
i saw it in a movie .
you drink a potion , and then you just start floating all around .
phyllis , can you do this ?
well , we know that toby think she will be great .
so , strike one , i hate her already .
why do you hate her ?
you know , dwight , sometimes ... i do not know , i think you say thing just to agree with me .
just have a thought .
have an original thought .
although , i will agree that her head is weird .
you know what we need to do ?
we need to sell her an elevator pas .
a little old-fashioned hazing .
oh , hey , do you still work here ?
i think i will pas .
okay , well , they hired a female toby .
good for the world .
thank you , god , for creating two of you .
here is how thing work here : my job is to make the office fun .
your job is to make the office lame .
and we have an eternal struggle , you and i. and only one of u can be the winner .
spoiler alert : I am going to win .
he tortured me ... with his awfulness .
thanks to toby , i have a very strong prejudice against human resource .
i believe that the department is a breeding ground for monster .
what i failed to consider though , is that not all monster are bad .
is holly our extraterrestrial ?
or maybe she is just an awesome woman from this planet .
holly ... you know , if we hung holly from the ceiling , we would have to kiss underneath of her .
question , are you real , or are you a hollygram ?
are these guy boring your ear off ?
oh ... what , um , what is your commute like ?
how long doe it take to get in ?
you know , i should make you a mix .
do you have a , uh , a cd player ?
i am downloading some n3p ... music ... for a cd mix tape ... for holly .
and I am looking for perfect song that work on two level .
the two level being , uh , `` welcome to scranton '' ... and `` i ... love you . '' hey , what is the group that wa from scranton that made it big ?
i think i do .
well , it wa love at first sight .
actually , it was-no , it wa when i heard her voice .
it wa love at first see with my ear .
well , you are not a romantic .
like , with who ?
yeah , you took it too slow .
this thing with holly feel a lot like love to me .
i do not want her to get away .
woah , what are you doing ?
you do not , uh , you do not have to do that .
i mean , we have already put-together chair .
that is how we buy them actually .
and the sequel , `` woman stand at desk and work . '' so , i have no idea how you , how you sit like that .
sit on floor and put together chair we will .
um ... so are you in down this weekend ?
because , I am not-I am not ... I am not going to be in town .
I am going out of town .
i talked to her-holly .
just pleasantry , nothing , you know ... not like , do you want kid or , religion , or what side of the bed do you want .
hey , i can take either side of the bed at this point .
i wanted to kiss her .
whew , oh god .
laying a base ... yeah ... oh , there he is .
thought you had gone home already .
why do not you go home , and come back for the party ?
I will let you in on a little secret : I have been very much looking forward to this moment .
very , very much .
i-i have been steeped in anticipation .
toby ha been cruisin ' for a bruisin ' for twelve year , and i am now his cruise director , and my name is captain bruisin ' .
can i just say that , of all the idiot , in all the idiot village , in all the idiot world , you stand alone , my friend .
hi , good to see you .
I am just having a little exit interview .
um , no , no , no .
this is very boring stuff .
why do not you take a tour ?
have you seen the baler ?
um ... alright , well then , i will proceed .
i just have some question that i wa going to ask .
um ... who do you think you are ?
um ... what gives-what-what give you the right ?
I will take a little look-see .
what would you improve about dunder mifflin ?
well , no no no no no ... no no no no no .
I am not asking it .
I am just reading it out loud .
I will kill you .
oh , no no no , no , no .
no , this-hey , hey , hey , hey , this might not be what i think ... that i do not even know is in there , because there are a lot of present in my car , and i do not know which is which ... what the hell is that ?
that is ... what do you mean , `` michael '' ?
that is not even my handwriting .
what the hell is going on here ? !
who thought it would be hysterical to give toby a rock for his going-away gift ? !
okay , you know what that is ?
you know what that is ?
that is ... a psyche .
so , that is not my real gift to toby .
my gift is forthcoming , pam .
i am going to give toby ... ... yes , i am .
how did you know that ?
how did you know ?
well ... that is my watch .
hey , that is good .
ryan ... oh my god .
I am just worried about my friend .
just , I am fine .
I am holding it together .
i-i have a business to run .
holly is sweet and simple , like a lady baker .
i would not be surprised to find out that she had worked in a bakery before coming here .
she ha that kind of warmth .
I am pretty sure she is baked on a professional level .
no antigravity machine , huh ?
ferris wheel 's pretty cool though .
that is what she ... a lot of place are like that .
i like , uh ... hey .
what are you doing ?
what the hell is going on here ? !
there is a raccoon in the car , dwight !
why did you do that ?
there is no such thing a playful hazing .
dwight , i want you to look at holly right now .
everybody , i want you to look at holly right now , and maybe if you look at her deeply enough , you will see what i see in her .
and that is that we are all very lucky to have her here .
holly is the best thing that ha happened to this company since world war ii .
fifty year , she is the best .
take care of that , all right ?
shh ... I am really sorry .
yeah ... did you see that !
did you see it ?
did you see what ... wow-wee !
uh , well , jan did not believe in showing affection , so ... sometimes i do not know how to react when a girl touch me .
oh ... i like it !
let u hear it for darryl and his band .
let u also give a shout-out to phyllis for this awesome party , huh ?
probably the best one that we have ever had , right ?
but the real reason that we are here , is to say goodbye to a guy who we will probably never ever see again .
now , a lot of you know that i am an accomplished songwriter .
i have done thing like um , `` beer in heaven . '' or , `` total eclipse of the fart . '' i love to sing them , but i am not going to be doing that today .
i am going to be doing something i wrote specifically for toby .
do you know , um , `` goodbye stranger '' ?
it wa early morning yesterday ... i wa up before the dawn ... and i really have enjoyed my stay ... toby must be movin ' on .
goodbye toby , it is been nice .
hope you find your paradise ... come tomorrow , feel no pain !
toby 's going away !
he is outta here !
he is outta here !
well , actu-too soon .
it is uh , it is uh , very sexual .
kevin , where are you ?
you missed my song , buddy .
just pay for it and we will reimburse you when you get back .
he is at the supermarket and he need me .
yeah , that is true .
do not move a muscle .
i will be back momentarily , all right ?
no , you can drink-you can finish your drink and then I will-okay , I will be back .
hello january wow , kevin , really ?
we are in the middle of a party .
is this why you called me down here ?
i can not believe it !
do you-do you have craving ?
you never touched my propecea , or my accutane , did you ?
because that is ... wow , i am so happy .
i am so deliriously happy ... because you are pregnant , and because it obviously happened when we were together .
and , i am very ... ... proud .
um ... you cheated on me ... when i specifically asked you not to ?
well , okay ... so it is mine , and it is not somebody else 's , so ... i know ... the whole toilet seat thing is a myth , so ... you did ?
when we were going out ?
w-i do not understand .
you always used to be very cautious ... I would wear two condom .
you would rather have somebody else 's sperm than my sperm ?
I am glad you told me .
um , I will ... i have to think about it .
my whole life , i have known two thing : i love sex , and i want to have kid .
and i always thought that those two thing would go hand in hand , but now , i think it might be one or the other .
well , i can see andy proposing to angela .
i can also see him proposing to oscar .
oh ... oh , um , well , you know what ?
you should go to the glider diner .
ask stanley about that .
have a good night .
well this is it .
i am here to see you off .
you might take something .
okay , security guard .
hi , jan , it is michael .
i just um , i just want to let you know that i am going to go to your lamaze class tomorrow .
um , and if there is any detail you need to fill me in on , like ... what exactly lamaze is , that would be great .
and i ... will see you tomorrow morning .
i am going to be ... kind of a daddy .
oh , my god .
toby flenderson , come on up here .
come on , no , no , no .
toby ha written a fantastic speech for you , he spent a year on it .
it is very funny and charming and heartwarming .
and it rhyme , and if it is not any good , he ha instructed u all to storm the stage and beat him to a bloody pulp .
so , take it away , toby !
ach , okay , okay , play the cutoff music .
blah , blah , blah , blah ... ... blah , blah , overstaying your welcome !
let u keep it moving !
let u keep it moving !
all right , everybody .
this is your last meal , so eat up .
this summer , corporate is sponsoring a little weight loss contest between the branch .
whichever branch loses the most weight get three extra vacation day .
no , i will ex-squeeze you .
get used to this because we are going to be standing here briefly every monday for the next seven monday .
no , no , no .
we would love your extra poundage , but you are going to be leaving u next week , so vamoose .
dunder mifflin family only .
did you see holly 's butt ?
i learned that she broke her left leg twice in one year .
i learned that she is allergic to sesame seed .
i learned that she ha read `` lonesome dove '' three time .
and that her butt refuse to quit !
you have to agree with me .
i thought you had to pee .
i wrote you a goodbye poem .
it is really long .
i left it up in my office .
could you just please wait till i go get it ?
ok. um , the last word is `` seagull . '' i took a lot from other poem .
all right , call- ok , no , no , no , no , no , no .
same place a last week .
yes , it doe .
no , this is about weight displacement .
we have to have the same weight distribution .
let u move that up .
I am mc mike scott , and i am hot .
she is dj jazzy flax , and she is the best .
all those sucker branch can suck our fat !
hi , january hello , baby .
good to see you .
who is your daddy ?
you do not know who your daddy is , do you ?
no , you do not .
let u go in .
hey , everybody look , pam .
pam , say hi .
say hi to pam .
do not we all look skinny ?
oh , oh , almost dropped you !
pam , I would like you to meet ronnie .
we call her rice-a-ronnie .
she is wonderful , a beam of light in this dark , dark office .
not really so much .
all she doe is plop herself down there and answer phone all day .
oh , calm down , weirdo .
it is just a joke .
she is such a weirdo !
my real beef with her , though , pam ?
she can not find those little colored paper clip that i like so much .
will you help her find them , please ?
we are following pam to the supply shelf .
ok , everybody , let u suck in our gut .
how is it going ?
are you kidding me ?
we only lost one pound , phyllis .
what is wrong with these people ?
they have no willpower .
i went -- i once went 28 year without having sex .
and then again for seven year .
doe anyone have any idea what the number one because of death is in this country ?
people , this is not just about winning some extra vacation day .
this is about a very cool hr initiative that if we do not follow , we are all going to die of obesity .
so how much are we going to lose ?
yes , all right .
can i put you down for 10 pound ?
if you gain weight , you will die .
i want you to live forever .
i want u all to live forever .
how are we going to do this ?
this is how we are going to do it .
I am asking each of you to lose five pound .
that plus jim 's 65 will give u a very good chance at winning this thing .
i do not want you to end up with a surprise pregnancy like me .
it is a pretty lame party .
you know what we should do ?
we should have a party and not invite them .
let u go mini-golfing .
uh ... um , i think you will have fun .
men from scranton are handsome , and they know how to show a woman a good time .
we are pretty much done here today .
why do not you just take off early ?
oh , holly doe not need luck .
everyone that meet her instantly love her .
phyllis , did i or did i not say fruit ?
and what is that ?
you know , we are going to have to try a little harder if we are going to win this thing .
thing were at an all time sad here .
but then i got an e-mail from ryan , that he wa coming back to town .
and i called the temp agency and i told them i will pay you any amount , just give me ryan howard .
give him to me .
hey , you know what ?
i can not do this by myself people !
kelly and i are the only one who have either passed out or almost passed out .
mmm -- mmm ... um ... close the door .
this is your fault .
your stupid friend zone .
i should have been lover with her first and then friend .
that wa terrible advice .
you know my seduction method .
i like to get in there and get my hand dirty !
wh -- you sabotaged me .
you sabotaged me , man !
gah , the dreadmill .
i say , i say , i say , i say down holly !
I will take it from here .
this big fat pig is beautiful .
it is my sumo suit .
i just did not inflate it all the way .
i am so glad that i bought instead of rented .
we are here because there is something wrong with society .
if it is me , then society made me that way .
now , i know a lot of you are probably asking yourself , `` why are you dressed in a plus sized suit ? '' how do you know michael clump ?
michael clump is a celebration of fat people .
no , no , no , no , no !
fat people are not monster !
why do not you guy have a little more sensitivity to the subject .
look at the outside of this building .
but you come inside ... and it is beautiful .
just like this unappealing fat suit .
inside is a rather handsome , sexy , man .
why do not you just sit down , please ?
we are doing this because of you .
so why do not you just go stand somewhere else .
dwight , i would like you to apologize to this beautiful , beautiful woman for forcing her to walk five mile , which for her is basically a death march .
ok phyllis , thank dwight first .
you are right , you are right .
just , dwight , do it .
just say it ok. finally .
ok , phyllis you must be exhausted from standing on those gam .
why do not you have a seat ?
let u all clap at phyllis .
when michael clump want to remind you that corporate ... their idea , yes , wa to urge you to lose weight , but more importantly what this whole thing is about , this contest is really about being healthy .
and in order to be healthy , you have to eat , kelly .
kelly , i want you to stand up on your chair .
come on , stand up on your chair .
stand up , stand up , stand up .
ok , i want you to look at her .
she is a beautiful indian woman .
what make her beautiful ?
ok , be more specific .
what about her look ?
kelly , will you just agree to stop this mess and stop trying to kill yourself ?
i want you to know .
kelly , look at me !
i want you to know that you are beautiful .
you are truly , truly beautiful .
give me a hug .
hey ryan , look .
shaved off my goatee .
we are the goateeless brother .
oscar , enough with the girl talk please .
yeah , oh , hey .
no no , did , i heard you talking to oscar about that guy .
what , what happened ?
i always call everybody back right away .
he will call back though .
give him until the end of the day , he will call .
if he doe not , he is loco .
wait , do we have until the end of the day ?
hey , is that healthy food ?
we are trying to win a contest here , kelly .
ok , that is fine .
just water , and be back by weigh-in , ok ?
i have to say , i think the problem with that whole thing ... ... wa that he wa a complete stupid idiot .
i love counting crow .
that is a shame .
a shame to waste these .
i want to buy them from you .
i , i want to .
just , i want you to just forget about him , ok ?
umm , can i pay you tomorrow ?
i have like a 60 dollar limit on my atm , so ... is that good ?
ok. darryl , would you do the honor ?
nonono , no , no , i do not want to hear moaning .
this is a good day .
you guy accomplished something big .
you lost a ton of weight , literally .
a lot of weight .
and i do not care what any stupid scale say .
you guy are all gigantic loser .
no , you know what we are going to do ?
we are going to take that and we are going to u it a a reward for the end of our competition .
your face is almost back to normal .
come on , let u go !
i am suspending you without pay for the rest of the year .
okay , no , i am not .
i want you to take jim 's chair .
his chair at his desk .
he get it back on friday .
i want you to get your as out of my face .
that is what she said .
well ... you are ... you know what ?
i read in one of those book that you are not even supposed to give foot massage because it can induce labor .
i can not wait to be a father .
I am going to smother that baby .
i really , i do not want to get panty liner , please ... i know , it is ... yes .
i want you to get the panty liner .
what is going on ?
`` why are you helping her ?
you are not even dating . '' she is my friend ... and ... ultimately my strategy is to merge this into a relationship ... without her even knowing .
uh ... ok , let u give it for miss ... holly flaaaax !
good speech ryan , you are a good guy .
well , i think we can all totally agree that holly is totally fantastic .
can not set them up like that .
can we have a moment ?
can i talk to you for a sec ?
lot of good stuff .
and you look ... you look fantastic .
do some ... do some work .
people expect a lot from these meeting .
laughter , sudden twist .
you need to be robin williams and m. night shyamalan .
you need to be robin shyamalan .
do you ... just ... you are kind of losing them .
lauren , enough with the pencil .
i would not ... steal the bread .
and i would not let my family go hungry .
this is a chance for you to say something without any repercussion .
oscar , come on .
i will go first .
when i discovered < a href= '' http : //www.youtube.com '' > youtube < /a > i did not work for five day .
i viewed cookie monster sings chocolate rain about a thousand time .
to tell you or not .
and I am glad i did .
i feel very very good .
i promise you that you are not going to get into trouble .
you can say anything you want with total and complete immunity .
come on , anybody .
you are a thief of joy .
mmm ... well , let u keep this party movin ' on .
wuh -- that is crazy .
that is crazy talk !
the merenator , sleepin ' with supplier !
what time we got ?
that is a good place to end it .
this , i think , wa a great ethic seminar .
she ha given u a lot of wonderful thing to think about .
right ... what is wrong .
who is to say ?
i mean because it is ... unknowable .
but , let u give her a round of applause .
get back to work .
i am truly impressed .
that , uh , you really pulled that one out .
oh ... meredith , why do not you tell holly ... it is not what she think .
nothing unethical happened ... and that you just like to sleep around .
no ... no , this is just a stupid formality .
it is a miracle , you are at your desk .
you will get there .
anyway , i wa giving it some thought , and there is no reason that two attractive , good looking , intelligent , funny , attractive people can not , you know , just ... sit down and work this whole meredith thing out .
would you care to bang it out over lunch ?
oh no , no , no .
your food is no good here , my lady .
let u go out !
dunder mifflin 's treat .
um , actually you are not a client ... so ... we will just split it ?
what do you think ?
what do you think of this place ?
yeah , it is kind of ... business/romantic .
so you are from de moines ?
wow , that sound so ... warm .
you know what my favorite season is ?
yeah , get the boring stuff out of the way .
autumn wa what i wa going to say .
when the leaf change .
it is just , i ... i think it is the most contemplative of season .
wow , terminator , terminator .
i just do not want my employee thinking that their job depend on performance .
i mean , what sort of place is that to call home ?
and meredith need this job .
this is her main source of money .
ok , new idea .
we do not report it at all .
we just punish her .
mmhmm , tell her she can not have sex for six month .
i do not know .
i saw this thing , like a belt with a key .
no , it is more of a underwear garment that ha little spike like made of , sometimes they are made of metal .
you know what i am talking about .
you unlock a little door that ... down ... where you , where you put , where you put the ... i am just saying that i do not think that you understand what i am saying .
well ... bleh busted .
i do not ... well , you have to tolerate a lot when you are part of a family .
i will be honest with you .
that car ride did not go well and that wa not my fault .
the only reason i am standing out here right now is because i do not want to take the elevator with her .
and i am holding on to her leftover .
what is the only thing worse than one hr rep ?
i do not know .
kendall , my main man .
let the record show that it wa during the immunity part of the seminar .
how do you tell somebody that you care about deeply , `` i told you so . '' gently with a rose ?
in a funny way , like it is a hilarious joke ?
or do you just let it go , because saying it would just make thing worse ?
... probably the funny way .
ok , everybody listen up .
if you are not in that conference room in two minute i am going to kill you .
get in there right now or I am going to lose it !
now is really not the time , meredith .
let u keep this rollin ' ... ryan ?
oh , cr ... , oh , god .
meredith , you know what ?
i just need a minute , okay ?
what do you need ?
i ... really want to keep you .
ok , just remember to keep breathing .
i get a call from jan and i meet her at the hospital .
i take quincy ave to gibson .
i checked the route - there are no pothole .
come on , get in here and have the baby .
andy , would you like to have my baby ?
all right , ok. sorry .
scream it out , scream it out , scream it out .
just keep pushing ... I am right here .
I am right here , I am right here .
just push and breathe .
no , you can not have it .
it is too late .
you have to just push it out !
yes , i do !
what wa on that ?
let u try that again .
it is going to be the happiest day of my life .
hello lady , how is my shower going ?
phyllis , did you get the live stork ?
it wa hard enough to convince jan to come .
so are we set for refreshment ?
she said it is the name of a viking princess .
so ... i know .
i mean , is this ... two bowl of m & amp ; m and some balloon ?
you know what phyllis , i think you need to step it up .
i think you need to get the lead out .
because if I am not mistaken , we gave you your wedding shower here .
we all came into this room and gave you a golden shower .
well you know what , where is my golden shower , phyllis ?
it doe not matter to me at all whether this baby is biologically mine .
i am going to love it .
it is like when the dog nurse the tiger cub .
have you seen that video ?
it is ... it is so bizarre and unnatural , but ... it , it happens .
what are you doing ?
do not talk to them .
do not - make the party , please , phyllis .
so , how you doing ?
jan levinson is coming in today , and she is in the terminal stage of her pregnancy - the child of which i have a vested interest .
it is all kind of weird .
anyway , she is incredibly ... fat and enormous right now - extremely unattractive .
and you are , on the other hand , one of the more attractive people in the office .
so , while she is here i am going to be acting kind of cold to you .
and i am doing this to pay respect to her bloated feeling .
and I am treating ryan the same way .
so this is astird .
oh , ok. why did not you call me ?
i could have helped .
he had no sense of humor and i proved him wrong in so many way .
no , i do not !
can i hold her ?
all right , ok. i love baby .
i think they are beautiful in all sort of different way .
i try to pick up and hold a baby every day , if possible , because it nourishes me .
it feed my soul .
baby are drawn to me , and i think it is because they see me a one of them .
but cooler , and with my life put together a little bit .
if a baby were president , there would be no tax , there would be no war .
there would be no government , and thing could get terrible .
it actually , probably - it would be a better screenplay idea than a serious suggestion .
lady and gentleman , it is my privilege and honor to present for the first time in her life and in the office : assst ... ... trid levinson .
astrid , this is everybody , look .
this is your family .
you are going to know them for the rest of your life .
well , he may not be here .
ok , here we go .
ok , come on , let u get our shower on .
conference room , choppity chip chop .
I am fine , weirdo .
such an hr weirdo .
try not to suck all the air out of there when you walk in .
ready to play some game ?
let u do it !
no , the baby doe not ruin anything , kevin , ok ?
the baby multiplies the fun .
let u just do what you were going to do .
all right , how about some present ?
i want to see some present .
i got this so i can write down for thank-you note .
she already ha a stroller .
ok , what else ?
hey , no no no no no no no no .
this is the birth story .
this is a once-in-a-lifetime experience .
and i should have been there .
i should have been there to witness this .
i could have helped .
i usually love baby , but when i held astrid i just felt ... shortchanged .
uh , i need some advice from one baby daddy to another .
yeah , i a baby daddy .
um , when you first became a baby daddy , did you have an immediate connection with that baby ?
like , the first time that you held it , did you find that with your baby baby ?
i just saw this baby daddy- why , darryl , because I am quote white quote unquote ?
well- it is- that is different .
that is not a baby .
i wa just going to ... i wa going to talk to holly , about her hygiene .
she smell like old tomato and dirt .
sure you can not stay a little longer ?
all right , everybody , we are leaving .
jan and astrid are leaving .
wha - that is , i hate her .
why would you even ask me to - i , i mean , not that it matter , because i do not , but wha - ok , all right , fine .
you want to go out ?
i did not feel much when i held astrid , but i got a good feeling from holly .
i say seventeen square .
hr lady , stop whispering in the corner please .
you are ruining the party .
that wa really fun last night .
I am actually thinking about getting my own set of putt-putt golf club .
well ... i , uh ... i let her win .
so , when , um , can i see you again ?
oh , wait , oh , tonight 's no good .
because i am busy taking you out .
wow ... oh , wait a second , i can not tonight ... tonight 's so ... too many time .
it is all good , um , alright , so , good , so , have a nice day .
in my opinion , the third date is traditionally the one where ... you have sex .
doe holly feel that way ?
i do not know .
i will probably find out tonight .
if she start having sex with me I will know for sure .
some of what we order depends on whether we are having sex after .
wow , elephant in the room .
are we , do you think ?
do you think we are going to have sex tonight ?
okay , so , we do the restaurant thing and then ... then ... then we can do ... we will just do the restaurant thing first .
probably get soup or something light .
reservation are at 8:00 , so we have got like an hour and 45 minute .
I am a crazy eight , I am crazy .
do you need them ?
not if we turn these dial all the way down .
now they can not hear u at all .
we are totally alone .
oh , my god , what happened ?
no , did you ?
oh , no , my god .
so much for sex without consequence .
we are going to make everything all right .
conference room , 15 minute .
to recoup their loss , i am planning a little charity auction , where people from all over scranton can come and bid on our good and service .
I am calling it crime-aid .
it is like farm aid , but instead of farm fighting against aid , it is u fighting against our own poverty .
okay , I am going to have to stop you right there .
wa this a sorority that you did not get into a real sorority so you had to kind of form your own ?
well , come on , let u have an auction .
let u do this .
we will auction off people like in the olden day .
i do not know , it could be any number of people .
it could be a pedestrian .
it could be an old person .
it could be a lookie-loo .
or , it could be ... a bruce springsteen fan - what ?
why did i say that ?
oh , i think you know why i said that .
i think it is very apparent .
i think it go without saying .
there is a point there .
but what is the point ?
i do not understand what he is saying .
it seems a little shady .
it seems a little foggy .
well , it is not a little foggy there is actually something going on here- do i ?
yeah , i think that is pretty bos .
pump up the volume .
thank you very much , everybody .
thank you , mr. springsteen .
and welcome to c.r.i.m.e.-a.i.d .
crime reduces innocence make everyone angry i declare .
it is not known how many office robbery occur every second because there is no wikipedia entry for office robbery statistic .
however , tonight , it victim , are standing together and standing strong in the form of song , cooking lesson , and hug .
you are auctioning a hug ?
okay , so with no further ado , light , camera , auction !
take it away bruce !
okay , this is the moment that you have all been waiting for .
our first item up for bid tonight is something that i consider to be very bos indeed .
it is a yoga lesson from holly flax !
and i would like to start the bidding off at 300 dollar .
300 dollar do i hear 300 dollar ?
hey , batter batter batter , hey batter , swing batter , 300 dollar , 300 dollar , 300 dollar .
anybody , 300 dollar .
who want for 400- do i see somebody in the back ?
is there somebody in the back ?
do i see somebody in the back ?
for 300 dollar to me !
what the hell is that ?
it squeak when you bang it , that is what she said .
let u hear it for me !
a bargain at any price !
oh , yes , great .
very good , um , so , darryl , and the boy in the hood in the warehouse , have graciously donated to , uh , go out for a beer with them right now .
you know what , I am actually going to bid on this .
I am going to start the bidding , because this is something that i have dreamt of- okay .
have fun , you guy .
well , this next item is sure to spring steam from your ear if you do not win it .
it just say `` creed . '' let u hear an opening bid , everybody .
kevin do your tax .
he is the tax man .
kevin the tax man .
hey , you know what ?
i would appreciate it if people would stop storming off the stage .
we are getting there folk .
well , well , have we been blessed today .
lady and gentleman , mr. david wallace !
100 dollar , great .
hey batter batter batter .
160. uh , just a few more item .
all right , all right , all right , all right , all right !
all right , big ticket item .
all right , in my pocket , i have ... two ticket ... to mr. bruce springsteen , front ... oh , where are those ?
ha anyone seen an envelope with bruce springsteen front row ticket and backstage pass ?
anybody seen something like-lying around ?
i think they were stolen .
i think they were stolen and they are gone forever .
so ... oh , that wa the last good item .
so , good job , everybody .
yeah , well , phyllis , nobody ... really want a hug , so .
she is your wife , you idiot .
uh , what the hell is happening ?
300 , we have 300 .
300 and one penny , 300 and one penny .
350 and one penny .
400 , 400 hey batter batter .
400 and one penny .
500 and one penny .
700. humuna-humuna-humuna-humuna-humuna- 1,000 going once , 1,000 going twice .
sold for 1,000 dollar .
hey , that look good .
listen , about the ticket .
it is sort of a gray-kind of a gray area in term of ... whether or not i had them- okay , i think we are set .
we have puzzle , string for cat 's cradle .
burned this last night .
a little road trip cd .
when corporate found out that we were dating , they decided they were going to transfer holly back to her old branch , in nashua , new hampshire .
oh , copy that breaker .
those duke boy are at it again .
we are not doing anything .
I am out of here .
jim , you are in charge .
ah , you are quite the gentleman .
you can let people go a couple of minute early if you want .
we are going to switch back and forth , the driving .
sometimes we will just meet in the middle .
it will be fun .
oh i love this song .
i wa having a nightmare .
wa i saying anything interesting ?
what is the scoop , how far ?
okay , you know what i want to do , i want to pull over and find little bed and breakfast for when we meet in the middle .
emphasis on the bed .
i do not know i just- i imagined a hotel right here .
pool , over here .
really good breakfast place .
with really good bacon .
here we go , fourth time 's a charm .
`` life 's like a road where you just ... one day here , and the next day back ... sometimes you deal with it , today you do not , sometimes you do , what you want ... there is a world out there ....
did darryl touch you ?
what is the matter ?
oh no no no .. it is going to work , it will be fine .
i like you so much .
and I have dated four woman in the last- not last - no .
in like the last ten year .
I have dated almost four woman , and you are so far above them , it is stupid .
that is what she said .
holly think that this relationship is over .
well , you know what ?
i am not going to give up that easy .
I am going to make this way harder than it need to be .
i will talk to you on the bluetooth the entire trip .
so we are talking constantly all the way .
I will tell you everything that i see .
everything that i pas by , thing that i witness on the road .
maybe I will see an accident one weekend ?
here is my wish .
i want you to meet a great guy , and i want you to be happy .
my wish ha come true , incidentally , because , you have met me , and you are happy .
i think we are a great couple .
i think we are a classic couple .
i think we are like romeo and juliet .
i think we ... go together so well .
we are like peanut butter and jelly , do not you think ?
then do not do it .
please do not do this .
please do not do this .
i do not know what I am going to do !
I am not going to be okay .
no i will not !
I am not strong !
and I will go back to jan , and i hate jan !
oh that is mine actually .
um , maybe put it back in the truck .
you know i have some thing i need to do this weekend .
i just remembered , so , I will just ride back with you .
I will be down in just a second .
so um ... i think I am going to go back with darryl okay .
we did not break up .
that is a really pretty song .
da na na na na .
da na na na na .
da na na na na .
da na na na na .
da na na na na ! !
da na na na na .
da na na na na .
da na na na na ... this is going to be awesome .
this is going to be awesome .
I have decided that on my drive to nashua , i am going to learn french , the language of love .
and on my drive back , i am going to learn spanish ; what the cleaning crew speaks .
okay , am i grabbing this one ?
what kind of car game did you play in the 'hood ?
okay , here we go , there is a cow .
I am going to do it .
the man ha a point .
hey , come on !
you are the one .
no , you are .
you are the best .
you are better than my best .
darryl , watch this .
right , snuggle time .
here is what i wa thinking .
the following weekend , i drive up .
we get right in the car , we pop up to montreal .
it is like another seven hour .
oh , and you know what , darryl ?
you are invited to go a well .
come on , it will be fun .
hey , look at that .
remember the 15-scooper we had last week ?
wa not that good ?
i wa scooperman , you were scoopy-doo .
remember what you said ?
say what you said .
I will save you !
i did not ask .
we want the same thing .
that is a lucky number .
it is a sign .
oh , it is really cold here .
can we have another ?
i think i blinked .
oh , you have your own entrance .
no , we would never do that .
and if we did , it would be with jim and pam .
yeah , so there you go .
oh , wow , so quickly .
I will call her later .
i do not want to do that .
she is going to freak out !
that is -- thanks .
mom , I am getting married .
why do you always do that ?
whenever I am getting married , you do not believe me .
I am not , I am not getting married .
and I am out a fiancee .
are those the customer survey ?
I will take care of that for you .
kelly kapoor is our dusky , exotic customer service rep. and once a year , she will contact our client and find out how happy they are with our salesperson .
sort of a kapoor 's list .
`` schindler 's list '' parody .
... that is not appropriate , no .
alrighty , dwighty , let u see how you did .
dwight , your feedback is horrible .
a number of your client found your personal style abrasive and distasteful .
no , no , no , no , no .
do i look like i am joking ?
if i were joking , you would be laughing .
do you look like you are laughing ?
jimbo , let u do this thang .
oh , come on .
jim , they are a poopy .
yes , i am sure , jim .
it -- i agree .
so let u see what we can find out from reading .
jim halpert is smudge and arrogant .
and there is our smudgeness .
here is what is going to happen .
i am going to have to fix you , manage you two on a more personal scale , a more micro form of management .
jim , what is that called ?
now , jim is going to be the client .
dwight , you are going to have to sell to him without being aggressive , hostile or difficult .
ask him his name .
be respectful , dwight .
it is up to you to change his mind .
he is hard of -- he is an old man .
that is totally inappropriate .
you never yell at the client .
you never yell at the client .
give me the phone .
give me the phone .
give me the phone .
give me the phone .
hello , this is michael scott , regional manager .
hello , mr. buttlicker .
how may we help you ?
see how it is done ?
thank you very much , sir .
i do not think you will regret it .
see what i did ?
... it is a million-dollar sale .
why do not you tell u ?
i wa informed by these gentleman that the report that you filed may not entirely be accurate .
what is going on ?
you can not say `` i wa raped '' and expect all of your problem to go away , kelly .
do not keep doing that .
I will give you one last chance to come clean .
just tell me what happened .
get away from that , dwight , please .
she is got a point about you two .
you do have a problem dealing with people .
jim , dwight , please excuse u .
i will call you when it is time .
i have an enormous amount of trouble trying to get people to come to my place .
and i hate it .
i can not tell you how much leftover guacamole i have ended up eating over the year .
i do not even know why i make it in such great quantity .
here is what we are going to do .
we are going to sit here for a while , make it look good .
and maybe you should cry .
can you make yourself cry ?
i think you should do that .
how did i propose , let me see ... well , i drove her up to nashua , and i had the ring , a big 10-carat diamond ; it wa beautiful .
and i got down on my hand and knee , and a shooting star crossed overhead , and it just lit up the diamond like a shooting star .
and we were in a restaurant , and i put the diamond into a cheeseburger .
and she took a bite , started to choke .
so what do i do ?
i have cpr training .
go around , start doing the heimlich .
the ring , 10-carat diamond , pop out of her mouth , hit her shrimp cocktail , right onto her finger .
all of the greek people in the restaurant start screaming `` opa ! '' which mean `` congratulation , '' so ... I am pretty much devastated .
maybe go to sandal , jamaica .
or the other sandal , jamaica .
i just do not want to go by myself .
why are survey important ?
okay , hypothetical : a man want to buy 500 ream of .... carrot .
and , so he is like `` what do i do ?
where do i go ?
do i go to the insensitive carrot supplier , the insensitive carrot salesman ?
or do i go to the nice carrot salesman , who will maybe charge a few cent more per ream of carrot , but guarantee next-day delivery on your carrot ?
most company need their carrot the next day .
now , substitute paper for carrot , and that is why survey are important . '' great mark , phyllis .
i taught jim and dwight everything i know about sale .
but there are certain thing that can not be taught , and it is these thing that i now must teach them .
attention , all problem sale person .
jim halpert ... dwight schrute ... intensive one-on-one retraining will begin after lunch .
did you know that in morocco it is common to exchange a small gift when meeting somebody for the first time ?
in japan you must always commit suicide to avoid embarrassment .
in italy you must always wash your hand after going to the bathroom .
this is considered to be polite .
i am jetting off on an international business trip .
my bos is sending me abroad to do a presentation to an international client and i have always been intrigued by all thing international .
the woman , the pancake , the man of mystery ... meredith , i would like you to pretend that you are from abu dhabi .
i am ashamed at your naked face .
i must cover it with my jacket .
you are now sexy in your culture .
i have my passport .
i have my per diem .
i already know what i am going to spend this on .
i am going to buy a sweater .
well I will just ... I will use different money for that .
and business class air , like a five-star hotel in the sky , nothing but the best .
actually better than a five-star hotel because you get a big , cushy seat and you sit in a row of people and to eat , whatever the mind can imagine .
i think i am going to have a filet with mushroom sauce .
well that is all in the past .
they have one of those ?
let u do this !
two are for souvenir .
it is right here .
no , i do not want to wear a bra .
where is my translator ?
that is what I am talking about .
that could be you if you had not forgotten french .
where is my number man ?
our town car awaits .
it not just a van .
dwight , can you get those please ?
welcome to cribs-the business class edition .
handed to me a i sat down .
this wa my hot towel .
it is still wet .
take a sip of that .
do not drink all of it .
give some to oscar .
you want one of your own ?
i can hook you up .
yes , this is beth .
this is my personal valet/flight attendant and she will be helping me this morning .
yes ... get back , get back .
come on , get back to the slum .
hey ... guy , check it out .
my own personal dvd player and 20 movie .
could you have picked something stinkier to bring on a plane ?
my god , oscar .
do you have a bag of baby poop in there too , to share with everybody ?
no , i will be ordering my own food , thank you very much .
I would like to see a menu please .
doe not matter , because i am going to take a nap .
i think i am going to use my complimentary blindfold .
i will don it ... and oh !
i can not see because i am in a- gah !
very sweet ... ah .
wallace said there would be one of those .
wow , i am blown away by this .
i , um ... i-ah !
this is great , thank you !
a concierge is like the winnipeg equivalent of a geisha .
this is a woman who ha been trained in the fine art of fanciness and pleasure .
and when you meet one , it is intoxicating .
just what the doctor ordered .
guy , she is in there .
let u do this .
excuse me , hello .
good to see you again .
um , this is my associate uh , from dunder mifflin , uh , oscar martinez .
this is uh , concierge marie ... ... who work at our hotel .
you look , how do you say , radiant tonight .
and it is , how do you say , a beautiful night -- she is foreign .
i am- oh , thank you .
thank you , andy .
everyone is going to end up dying someday .
and i think it is better to die with people you like ... like oscar , and andy , and concierge marie ... than to know that there is somebody out there that you love that you are not with .
how about this one ?
it is christmas eve -- -- and everything 's closed and you need to get some dry cleaning done .
where do you go ?
what do you do ?
what do you do ?
what do you do ?
do you want to get some breakfast or something ?
slept like a baby .
look , people continue to come back to u time and time again because they feel cared for here .
they feel respected and they feel that their need matter .
they are treated like human being .
yeah , we locked him up for two year .
actually the trip sucked .
the trip sucked , david .
it wa a bad trip .
i did not like the trip .
well , starting with her airport shuttle which wa basically just a van .
and business class which wa basically just coach .
and the hotel which sucked big time .
it wa not , it sucked .
oh and thanks for the tip on the concerige .
that wa -- that wa a -- that wa a really good choice .
you listen to me .
why did you send her away ?
you knew i liked her and you just sent her away .
and that -- that wa a sucky thing to do man .
that wa a really sucky thing to do .
why have i stayed at dunder mifflin for so long ?
certainly not because of the paycheck .
because i could be making more money a a doctor or a professional athlete .
i think it is because they respect me .
a bos that will not fire you , even though you just tell him off ... right to his face ... over the hone .
I am taking two so i can parcel them up and eat them at my leisure later on , much healthier .
yeah why do not you send that to him in costa rica ?
heh , okay , weirdo .
she said she wa going to give it to him right now .
yeah , they used to .
oh , can you imagine ?
i do not know .
hmmm , dare i ?
I am going to , for old time 's sake .
great practical joke jim , you got me to go to the annex .
no , god , please no !
with his stupid face .
uh , well I am afraid not .
toby flenderson , of h.r. , ha made a sudden reappearance .
not on the surface , no , but i can tell people are disturbed , david .
i learned a while back that if i do not text 911 people will not return my call .
um , but now people always return my call because they think that something horrible ha happened .
i did not want to go back to the annex because that is where holly worked whom i loved .
people say it is icky .
is there no way we can get rid of him ?
it is be-because i hate him .
do not do that .
you want to see some really high caliber acting ?
well , mr. kurt russell , you are about to be served .
hey toby , great to have you back , man .
seriously , just a , just a real pleasure to see you again .
missed you a part of our family .
so costa rica that wa - did you have fun ?
that must have been fun .
nice beach , pristine beach ?
why did you come back ?
why did not you stay ?
i bet , for you .
shhh hot , why did not you get an air-condition -- should have gotten an air-conditioner for yourself .
yeah , i am .
i tried , i tried .
i tried to talk to toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friend with an evil ... snail .
i feel like I am dying inside .
i feel like neve campbell in sream ii .
she think she can go off to college and be happy and then , the murderer come back and start killing off all of her friend .
i learned a lot of lesson from that movie , this is just one of them .
okay , just summarize .
that is it , that is it , perfect .
we will get him to hit on somebody , and then we will catch him in the act .
okay , let u get this started .
what are you doing ?
no , no , no .
you are the bait for toby ?
no , for one thing , he is not gay .
and if somebody were to be bait it would be jim .
yes , sure they do , dwight .
pamtown lady sing this song , doo-dah doo-dah .
jim may i have a moment with pam please .
oh , oooh his mistress .
no one would ever cheat on you ; you are the complete package , pam .
okay , what i would like you to do is take this folded note , and deliver it to toby flenderson ?
i just want you to just react to whatever this note elicits .
do not read it beforehand .
can you do that for me ?
n-no no no , do not .
pam , you gave me your word .
um , i got some photo from costa rica if you want to see them ?
toby can i see those ?
what is the matter ?
what is the matter ?
you mad at me ?
do you want to do that ?
you want to hit me , you want to punch me ?
he might do it ... i dare you to .
what is the matter ... haaaww !
come on , ryan , who is side are you on ?
no do it , do it .
not , not a hard a you can , just a good , solid punch .
come oooon ... son of a bitch .
you have not done anything helpful all day .
I have never framed a man before , have you ?
just seems awfully mean .
but sometimes the end justify the mean .
I have seen you guy around .
I am michael scott , dunder mifflin .
uhghh , so i guess you know why I am here ?
i need to purchase something .
uh , i wanted -- i wanted to buy some weed ?
some ... grass , weed ?
i heard you drug -- i heard you dealt .
I am not wearing a wire , so ... how much ?
how many pound is it ?
hey , hey , hey .
i forgot ... i forgot ... those are real cop , real gun .
i wonder what is going on .
uh , you know what ?
i think that this ... uh , this is probably a misunderstanding .
yeah , let u just cancel this , okay ?
no , no no no ... no , no .
no , that wa ... that wa legitimate .
that wa totally legitimate .
no , no no no no .
no , that is not ... i do not know what that is .
and i ... i bet he ha nothing to do with that !
ahh , that is mine .
yes , it is mine .
are you kidding me ?
that is my salad .
you must feel pretty good about yourself right now .
since when is it illegal to put caprese salad ... anywhere .
are you kidding me ?
are you kidding me , that is who you are worried about ?
you are ... you are worried about the cop 's time ?
you think i framed you , and you are worried about the taxpayer ?
welcome back , jerky jerk-face .
you said you were leaving and you made liar out of all of u .
so ... yes , you did .
and then you came back , which make you the biggest liar of ... history .
do you want to hear a lie ?
i think you are great .
you are my best friend .
yes , i can see ... that we did indeed .
why do not you explain this to me like i am an eight-year old .
there is the x-ax ... icks .
why do not you explain this to me like I am five .
I will be six .
so the dollar 's a surplus .
this is a surplus .
okay , break it down in term of , um ... okay , i-i think I am getting you ... guess what , everybody ?
christmas ha come early this year .
oscar , very smartly , ha discovered an extra $ 4300 in the budget .
thank you , oscar .
and i have decided with that money i am going to buy a new , drum roll please ... can anybody guess ?
no , a new copier !
unless everybody can agree on something better ?
so ... we all agree to get new chair then .
okay , good suggestion .
uh , let u just decide and agree upon one .
alright , so , team forming .
you are the silent killer .
go back to the annex .
well ... i swallowed all your idea , I am going to digest them and see what come out the other end .
i do not know .
i have not decided yet .
yeah , that would be amazing .
i have no idea .
oh , is somebody making fun of me ?
we had a good time .
oh , thank you .
um , no , not ... no .
no , i got it at tj maxx , four dollar .
you think that is good ?
check out these pant .
the boy ' department .
look at the as .
check out the as .
sits on a copier .
hahaha ! ... well ... okay .
oh , thank you my dear .
oh , well , chivalry is not dead after all .
okay ... there he is !
good to see you !
good to see you .
oh ... ah , i almost choked .
hank , thank god you are here .
the office is at a crossroad .
i need your sage advice .
and everyone , whatever hank decides , that is the decision .
that will resolve this issue .
yeah , take a many a you want .
well , we have a surplus .
imagine that your parent give you money for a lemonade stand- oh , okay .
well , here is the thing .
some people want to use the surplus to buy a new copier .
other people are complaining about the chair .
it is , yes .
oh , there we go .
now everyone , bear in mind once again that whatever hank say go .
he is an impartial third party .
so , the copier .
all right , yes .
well , what should i do ?
all right , get out .
hey david- I am sorry .
I am eating tiramisu .
some of the chocolate powder just went down my throat .
I am stopping now .
no , no , no , no , no .
I am calling- I am sorry .
I am calling because , um , we have a stupid budget surplus , and people-everybody want something different .
no , no , no .
i want you to make the decision so I am not the bad guy .
... like a tip ?
i hate disappointing just one person .
and i really hate disappointing everyone .
but i love burlington coat factory .
you go in there with $ 645 , you are literally a king .
all right , attention everyone .
i have made my decision .
we do not need a new copier .
we do not need new chair .
this copier ... is ... working perfectly .
pam , would you stand up for a sec ?
see how relaxed i am ?
i like this chair .
offer good support , it is urkelnomically correct ... it is a good chair .
i think we are spoiled because we do not appreciate the thing that we have .
you think kid in africa have chair ?
they sit in big pile of garbage .
you think they have copier ?
they do not have copier .
they do not even- gah !
they do not even have paper .
and we are spoiled because we throw out perfectly good tiramisu because it ha a little tiny hair on it .
my point i this : i have seen the light in term of what we need , and it is nothing .
do i know what ?
mm , no ... $ 645 .
because that is how my mind work .
let u see ... i do not need $ 645 ; i already have $ 645 , more or le .
this is so stupid .
this is so , so stupid .
and , god ... that is my phone .
no , i do not-this doe not change anything .
i have a very important decision to make .
we need a new copier .
we need new chair .
and i need to figure out a way to keep this money without having everybody hate me .
you think it is easy ?
okay , you know what ?
why do not you guy deal with it ?
i am going to get up , and i am going to be out in the common area .
but you need to decide ; otherwise I am taking the bonus .
it is a classic management tactic .
you have two side , a deadline , you know that neither of them are going to concede .
what you do is you put them in a room , and you just- hey .
I am proud of you .
mother- what did we learn this week ?
well , one , thanks to me , my team is much , much faster at coming to decision than i thought they would be .
number two , never buy a fur coat with a credit card until you absolutely have the money to pay for it .
and three , you should know that some people think it is cool to throw bucket of fake blood on you a you are walking out of burlington coat factory .
hey , phyllis , do i need this invite to get in to the party ?
i think this is going to be the best christmas party ever .
oh , hey , is that princess unicorn ?
i thought they were all sold out .
my horn can pierce the sky .
this is equal part scotch , absinthe , rum , gin , vermouth , triple sec , and two pack of splenda .
call it a one of everything .
alright ... one more time around the block .
that is vodka and i mixed it with orange juice .
i call it an orange-vod-juice ... ka .
oh , so this is what every day would be like if you had not left india .
can not do it then .
monthly dental appointment , soft teeth no , no .
why do not we just do it now ?
we will do it quickly .
we will do it quickly .
what if we can not do it quickly ?
what if we can not do it- hey , shut up .
it is sort of hard to describe , but really its- it is a coming together ... it is a surprise party for people who are- who have addiction .
and you get in their face and you scream at them and you make them feel really badly about themselves .
and then they stop .
okay , how do you feel ?
okay , you know what i thought we should do is have a quick intervention and then get back to the party .
i am not asking her to stop drinking .
i am imploring her to quit being an alcoholic .
yeah , obviously you are .
okay , everybody who think that meredith is an alcoholic please raise your hand .
the aye 's have it .
alright , well , let u look at this a little bit closer then shall we ?
meredith , have you ever used alcohol to alter your mood or deliberately change your state of mind ?
do you sometimes have a drink to celebrate a special occasion or mark a holiday ?
have you ever under the influence of alcohol questioned the teaching of the mormon church ?
i got it on a website , that is not important .
okay , you know what toby ?
one of my employee is undergoing a crisis and i wish for just once you would take my side on this .
I am doing your job man .
hey , are you texting ?
alcohol is a drag .
here is what I would like to do .
I would like to go around the room and have u each express to meredith how her alcoholism ha affected u .
this christmas party is perhaps the best christmas party i have ever been to , but then you got so drunk that we had to stop and do this .
that is how your drinking affected me .
another time when meredith 's drinking affected you ?
if we do not say anything she is not going to get any better .
that is- you did not- you were not hurt by that .
okay , no , that is not what we are going for .
who ha a problem with meredith 's drinking ?
it ha to bother you .
how doe it bother you ?
dwight , do not you have anything ?
who is going to tell u the latest dirty joke ?
who is going to tell u what you watched on television last night ?
wa john belushi fine ?
wa bob hope fine ?
if anything ever happened to you , i would be very angry at myself for not doing all that i could do .
i want you to say I am an alcoholic .
you can say it a loudly a you want , but we are not going to believe you .
alright , no , no , no .
that is the image , i think we can all agree is very disgusting .
but you know what , meredith , you lit your hair on fire today .
what about tomorrow . ?
what is going to happen when you come into work and you are dead ?
everyone in this room love you , but mark my word , we are not going to support your alcoholism anymore .
the next time you light yourself on fire we are not going to help put you out .
enabler , enabler , enabler , enabler , enabler .
it is christmas and we are turning our back on somebody who is asking for help .
you know what the only thing i want for christmas ?
i want meredith to get better .
that is my only wish .
but you know what ?
my wish never come true , so I am not going to wish that on her .
i- a watch would be nice .
I will be down in a minute .
could you write down the number of that rehabilitation center that you mentioned ?
oh well , we will have to go someplace else then i guess .
we could go there , sure .
i have a new place .
it- yep , recently .
yeah , oh there you go .
we are party girl .
it is all right .
meredith , we are doing this for your own good .
come on- here we go .
this is going to be good .
shhh ... just calm down .
shh ... here is the door .
here is the door .
let u start meeting- hello .
i have a deposit .
so do i sign ?
a it turn out you can not just check someone into rehab against their will .
they have to do it voluntarily .
they have to hit rock bottom .
so i think i know what i need to do at this point .
i need to find way to push meredith to the bottom .
um ... i think i can do it .
i did it with january yeah !
twelve mile an hour .
eat that , carl lewis !
dwight , there wa wind .
i want a do-over .
i want another try .
i wa ahead of the car .
thirty-one is my new number .
thirty-one 's my number .
today 's a big day .
my presence ha been requested by chief financial officer , david wallace .
he say that he want to talk about big picture stuff .
and , I will be honest , i have little or no idea what that mean , so ... probably bad .
wait , you still do not know ... you still do not know .
what are you doing ?
no , what I am saying is ... no , that is not it .
how can he still not know ?
i can not take it anymore .
i am telling andy .
who should it come from , then ?
are you still having intercourse with her ?
did you ever have intercourse in this office ?
you know this can not go on .
we have to put an end to this .
when will she be ready ?
is she crazy in bed ?
how so , specifically ?
it is too late .
i am already walking .
okay , what doe that mean ?
jim , this ha to get out , so we can all deal with it .
ohh , i do not have much time ... car 's all the way over there , to tell you what i have to tell you .
and just bear in mind when i say ... say these thing , that ... are bad thing ... that you hear ... in your ear ... this is something that i , if i were you , that i would not want to hear ... well ... no , I am not .
so i ... I am not very articulate today , so I will just leave it for another time .
which will be fine .
i will ... dwight and angela are having an affair , so ... dwight and angela are having an affair .
they have been sleeping together for some time .
that wa the news .
i wanted to let you know .
david , here it is .
my philosophy is basically this .
and this is something that i live by .
and i always have .
and i always will .
do not ever , for any reason , do anything to anyone , for any reason , ever , no matter what .
no matter ... where .
or who , or who you are with , or , or where you are going , or ... or where you have been ... ever .
for any reason , whatsoever .
sometimes I will start a sentence , and i do not even know where it is going .
i just hope i find it along the way .
like an improv conversation .
this is going to sound sort of high-maintenance , but could we have it , like , three degree cooler in here ?
i always think better when it is cooler .
hey , what say we order up some pasta ?
so i wa in the office , and i look over to our accounting division , and there is kevin malone .
kevin is wearing a jacket that I have never seen before .
and i call over to kevin , `` kevin , is that a tweed jacket ? '' and he look at me and he say , `` michael , yes it is a tweed jacket . '' and i look back at him and i say , `` i feel the need ! ... the need for tweed . '' oh , thank you .
i have to say , i am so impressed with the potential you see in me .
wow , what a day !
i thought i wa gong to get chewed out , but , hold on !
here is an attaboy for ya !
it just go to show , you leave scranton , exciting thing can happen .
what you talking bout , wallace ?
hi , i am well , how are you ?
oh , have you not ?
fax , why do not you just send it over on a dinosaur ?
oh , well , then , email it to me .
i will seduce her .
no , i will seduce her .
no , i got it .
yeah , so what if i did ?
that would take precedence and i would expect your support .
alright , i am a local business owner .
i need to buy paper .
i find out everything about their price and policy michael scarn .
no , no , i never said denny 's .
oh , do not start , you know what ?
i do not want to get into this debate again .
you will have pancake and you will like it .
maybe they are shrinking .
they could be shrinking .
and there are cloud .
there are cloud in the sky , which mean going to rain , bad for business .
argh , why are you all ... shut up .
ready to do this ?
here come the shark .
in nature , there is something called a food chain ; it is where the shark eats a little shark .
and the little shark eats a littler shark .
and so on and so on .
until you get down to the single cell shark .
so now replace shark with paper company and that is all you need to know about business .
my name is michael scarn .
i am a local business owner and i would like to find out about your company .
we are a law firm .
you know , i will be honest with you ... about something .
where we used to live , our paper supplier had a lot of big client and i just did not feel like a priority .
so i guess my question for you would be how many client do you have ?
this doe not seem like a very big operation .
ah , so when did you set up shop ?
oh vietnam , i hear it is lovely .
so , even specialty paper , say 94 brightness double-bonded , you would put that on the same truck a your conventional stock ?
well that is ... because ... i am a genius .
yes , well about some thing , and other thing i am very stupid .
like , watch this .
is this the cup ?
is this the cup ?
is this what i drink out of ?
laughter is my job , tear are my game , law is my profession .
try 80. hey , hey , how is your interview going ?
do not blow it .
hey linda , can i get a picture of you ?
i would , could you just stand over here ?
that would be great just a little something to remember the trip by .
a little to your left what is going on ?
little homework over here ?
let u see if i can help .
huh , math , that is not so hard .
ok. there are 4 of these , ignore the parenthesis , right ?
why is this little 2 so small ?
it is , it is weird , you do not , you just go by the x. the x mean time .
4 time x 2. what is double 4 ?
oh , well thank you very much for all of your help .
it is going to be an incredibly hard decision .
i ... okay , okay , okay , alright , thank you .
thank you very much .
thanks for your time .
i can not wait to contact your client .
haha , we struck the mother load !
wallace is going to freak .
he is going to absolutely freak .
oh god , what wa that ?
aw , it is alright .
aw , my car .
no no , we are fine .
you have done enough already .
just , shut up .
you know we are just going to call a tow truck , so ... no , no , really not necessary .
you know let me give you some money for this .
oh coffee , that is too much .
ok , goodbye prince family .
dwight , what will happen to that family if i call david and give him this information ?
ok. you know , our sale are fine .
we are doing fine .
they are doing fine .
why do not we just , live and let live ?
live and let live .
it is from james bond .
I am not going to make this call .
my heart say ... that is true .
we have gone down the wrong path many many time .
i will call david and give him the customer list and i will give him all my info .
just something i have to do first .
somewhere safe , where it can not hurt anyone oh shoot !
those people will be ruined .
give it , give it .
we can not do this to those people .
I am not a shark .
okay , bye bye .
i guess this is what they call a bittersweet moment .
it is bitter because i slightly destroyed a wonderful little family .
but sweet because david wallace thought i did a good job .
that is what i hate bittersweet chocolate .
i do not even ... what is the point of that ?
why not just sweet ?
who are you helping ?
oh , hey what is this ?
oh , she is hot .
okay , it happening .
everyone , now calm down !
what doe warm mean ?
get out of the way !
go , go , go !
okay , we are trapped .
no , no , no !
you will not die !
you will not die !
you are black , stanley !
I am going to give him mouth to mouth .
he is going to swallow is tongue .
do not swallow it .
leave me al- saving him !
hedded take hedded of .
we are not mad , we are just disappointed .
but we are going to let this one slide .
i am not a mind reader , david .
and we should take a part of his pay and donate it the charity of your choice .
something that dwight doe not like .
you talking to me ?
a man 's life is in my hand .
that is not going to happen .
I am taking over a safety man .
I am a smart guy .
I will figure it out .
no , i will .
nobody should have to go to work thinking , `` oh , this is the place that i might die today . '' that is what a hospital is for .
an office is for not dying .
an office is a place to live life to the fullest , to the max , to ... an office is a place where dream come true .
do not excite him .
do not make him excitable .
welcome back , stanley .
no , no , no .
you are going to sit in that wheelchair until you are back on your foot .
okay , you know what ?
that could be a little confusing , because in sale a-b-c mean `` always be closing . '' shut it .
we found ourselves on the le prepared side of thing when stanley had his ... when his heart went berserk .
and i knew exactly what to do , but in a much more real sense i had no idea what to do .
so i thought we should have cpr training class and of course you can not get the practice dummy unless the instructor come along with it .
red cross , you know , racket .
you know who i really think should go ?
no rest for the sick .
we are not always going to be there to coddle your heart back when it disappears to be working .
what are you going to do if you are by yourself and your heart stop ?
and you are okay with that ?
no , no , no .
let u do this .
you are losing you .
you are losing you .
this is you we are talking about .
I will show them .
they are not breathing .
and they have no arm or leg .
if we come across somebody with no arm or leg do we bother resuscitating them ?
i mean , what kind of quality of life do we have there ?
how about no arm ?
no arm or leg is basically how you exist right now , kevin .
you do not do anything .
okay , that is uh , hard to keep track .
how many is that per hour ?
i will divide and then count to it .
yes , yes i do .
i love that song .
first i wa afraid , i wa petrified .
okay , i got it .
ah , ah , ah , ah , stayin ' alive , stayin ' alive ah , ah , ah , ah , stayin ' alive , stayin ' alive .
ah , ah , ah , ah ... he is an organ donor .
five thousand three hundred dollar for a dummy ?
david , this is why we have training .
we start with the dummy , and we learn from our mistake .
and now dwight know not to cut the face off of a real person .
corporate ha given dwight two strike .
they are very , very upset with him .
so , a a disciplinary measure he is going to have to issue a formal apology .
dwight , have you prepared your statement of regret ?
let u hear it .
ohmmm ... ohmmm ... everybody sit on the floor indian style like me .
ohmmm my god if you are wearing a dress please keep your knee together nobody want to see that ohmmm ... ohmmm ... my goal is to make this office a peaceful a place for stanley hudson a i can .
i think sound have a lot to do with that .
here are some downloaded peaceful sound .
that one make me think ... of death .
it is kind of nice ... it is a beautiful , sunny day a we walk through the meadow that is very spiritual and relaxing and there are flower and it is sunny and beautiful .
now , up ahead , a castle , in a distance .
and you walk up toward the castle , and inside the castle are 4 men , and each of them , none of them have shoe , and they give you a funny cigarette , and you feel even more relaxed , and then you want ice cream .
you want a big bowl of ice cream .
what kind do you want ?
racism is dead stanley , you can have any kind of ice cream you want .
what do you want ?
please i told you to get rid of the cell phone .
oh , ok. what is that , like , a video game ?
during our relaxation exercise ?
no no , I will help you .
I will help you up .
ok. ok ... i think that thing is on the fritz .
ahh ... oscar , would you reach over and touch his thing ?
that is what he said !
right guy , because of gay ?
let u give this a shot .
hellloo ... so ... it wa not dwight after all .
look like i am the killer .
you never expect that you are the killer ... it is uh ... great twist .
i do not get it .
do i stress you out ?
oh ... remember when people used to say bos , when they were describing something that wa really cool like , those shoulder pad are really bos man ... look at that perm , that perm is so bos .
it is what made me want to become a bos .
and i looked so good in a perm and shoulder pad .
but now , bos is just slang for jerk in charge .
ok everybody , I have figured it out .
the reason that you are all so stressed around me is that you are too intimidated to tell me what you really think .
you are keeping these feeling inside , and that is what is causing stress .
so , what is the solution ?
solution is honesty , laughter , and comedy .
in short ... what ?
no , i am talking about a roast !
who here ha the comedy central roast channel ?
you have seen it right ?
everybody get together , and everyone start hurling insult at the one guy , and everybody 's laughing , and everybody 's hugging each other ... si senor .
it is not offensive during a roast !
i want you guy to really get crackin on this .
i want you to take me down .
do not hold back .
i want you to really make fun of anything about me .
it could be my race , could be the fact that I am so fit , or I am a womanizer ... fair game .
i do not want to write your stuff for you , but i just want it to be good .
i can already feel people 's stress starting to melt .
i think they are very excited about paying their respect this way .
i have got to make sure that youtube come down to tape this .
welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome .
you are all jerk .
just kidding , not yet anyway .
welcome to the roast of mr. michael scott .
if you are here for the grabowski wedding , it is the second door on the left .
so , we all know how these work , need to get crazy , take your best shot .
i am going to sit right here on my chair and ... ah ... whoever want to come up and roast me , you may .
ok ... lower the mic for the midget .
hey hey , i do not go make burger where you work and then tell you how to make burger .
you are so lucky !
good one ... well ... pow pow pow ... no !
no , friend only .
i know where this is going .
spite her - ok oh , stop it dwight .
no no no no no no !
dwight your ' e supposed to do it this way .
that is the way you are supposed to do it , idiot .
hey , ya know what ?
forgive me for caring .
can i make just a little announcement .
in a professional roast , usually the roaster will say something nice about the roastee after they are done , something about how much they love them , so , just , keep that in mind .
we are , we are a family .
uhh ... hehe hah !
I am thinking roy ?
i do not believe i have had the pleasure .
thank you very much , thank you .
great job , great laugh .
really , really went after my intelligence there .
dozen of online iq test might prove you wrong , but , and my thing is not tiny , it average , so ... get your fact straight .
so when i heard that there wa going to be a roast in my honor , i thought sorry .
i think i have a frog in my throat .
um ... i decided to jot down some quick thought about you people , um , first up phyllis and kevin .
uh um ... caw ... caw ... caw caw ... caw ... you know sometimes , to get perspective , i like to think about a spaceman on a star incredibly far away .
and , our problem do not matter to him , because we are just a distant point of light .
but he feel sorry for me , because he ha an incredibly powerful microscope , and he can see my face .
no , I am not .
i um , i spent the afternoon in the park trying to feed the pigeon , i guess they all flew west for the winter , and i , i just had some thought that i wanted to share with you people .
well i wrote them down so i would not forget .
jim , you are 6'11 and you weigh 90 pound , gumby ha a better body than you .
dwight , you are a kiss as .
pam , you failed art school .
meredith , you have slept with so many guy you are starting to look like one .
kevin , i can not decide between a fat joke and a dumb joke .
creed , you are teeth called , your breath stink .
angela where is angela ?
whoa there you are , i did not see you there behind that grain of rice .
stanley , you crush your wife during sex and your heart suck .
oscar , you are ... oscar , you are gay .
andy , cornell called , they think you suck .
and you are gayer than oscar .
alright everybody , you know i kid , you know i kid .
you guy are the reason i went into the paper business , so , uh , goodnight , god bless , god bless america , and get home safe .
they say that laughter is the best medicine so stanley , you can throw away those pill .
actually , you should ... better hold onto them pill , just in case .
this is your captain speaking , the office will be flying at an altitude of two story .
look out your left hand window and you will see vance refrigeration .
i am the ghost of salesman past , do not come near me .
yes michael scott for dr. jocelyn , please .
hello doctor i wa just following up on my mole again .
no , i wa looking online about sebaceous cyst .
i have not been squeezing it .
could i stick it with a pin ?
toby flenderson to the principal 's office .
your mother called , and it appears that you wet the bed again .
so you have to get home to wash your sheet because they are yellow and they are wet with your urine .
you , and at six foot six , from the university of north carolina , jiiiiim halpeeeeert .
would you like fry with that ?
hello , good morning .
and we are off , like a herd of turtle .
well , pam and i have eloped .
actually we just robbed a bank , and we are on the lam .
no , uh , seriously , i am on a lecture circuit .
apparently scranton ha the best sale of any regional branch .
so david wallace ha asked me to go to all the branch , except nashua , still a little bit raw there .
um , but i am going to these branch and sharing my secret recipe for success .
my 11 business herb and spice , in a sale batter .
oh that , well , that is pam .
pam is coming along a my assistant and my driver so i can focus .
and i like to pack heavy .
that is a toboggan , you never know when you are going to find a snowy hill so ... every magician ha a hot assistant , and every rock star ha a roadie , and pam is my hot roadie .
yeah , oh do not say buck , it is not lady like .
okay so what we do is drive all day and we stay in hotel together at night .
well that go without saying .
look at what you are wearing again , pam .
have you ever seen a magician 's assistant ?
that is ... ... kind of maybe you could tie it around your waist or lose the shirt underneath or something .
oh , all right .
i need silence or sam kinison to prepare .
then listen to your ipod , pam .
well then ... hey you know what then let u just talk .
you nervous about seeing karen again , since she wa the other woman ?
actually you were the other woman so ... is that why your wearing makeup today ?
hello , rolando , how are you ?
rolando , I would like you to meet pam .
she is our receptionist .
maybe you guy could go out on a little friend date sometime .
okay , do not be nervous , just picture her naked .
that is what i do , steal my trick .
is that jim 's ?
my head just exploded .
thank god , for everybody right ?
wow , you are huge !
i ... god sorry , sorry my head is ... I am just , I am trying to figure out the last time that you and jim had sex , and ... okay , mm hmm .
ten , ten month ?
oh , my god .
that is so awful .
that is the worst news .
i have to go .
i have to do a presentation .
I will talk to you ... this is going to be hard for me to speak today .
because i just learned that my father ha died .
... no , he did not !
and this is not even a cell phone .
this is a calculator .
but you bought it !
and now you can not return it .
no you can not .
karen , do you need to go pump ?
i am talking about , how you all need to sell an experience .
like i sold you on the idea that my father had died .
would a liar bring mini mound bar ?
i am a theatrical person .
growing up , i always thought i would become an actor .
because i have , these memorization trick that i use .
um , for instance , i learned the pledge of allegiance by setting it to the tune of old macdonald .
i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united state of america , and to the republic for which it stand , one nation under god .
with a woof-woof here , and a woof-woof there .
here a woof , there a woof .
everywhere a woof , woof .
um , you get it .
i do not know you .
but i need to know you in order to sell to you .
that is why i have asked you to go around and tell me you name .
i have an amazing mnemonic device , by which i have memorized all of your name .
shirty , mole , lazy eye , mexico , baldy , sugar boob , black woman .
i have taken a unique part of who you are , and i have used that to memorize your name .
baldy , your head is bald .
it is shiny , it is reflective like a mirror .
`` m '' your name is mark .
i would like you all to give this a shot .
what do you say ?
well , then it will be easier for you .
but i , i still think it is worthwhile , to give a , give it a try .
oh , i still have more .
she is knocked up .
`` k '' karen .
pam , let u go .
i grab this , and i turn it on and i say , `` prepare yourself , for the utica chain store massacre . '' no , do not worry , the chain is off .
email 's not scary .
this is an opportunity .
do not , do not blow it .
it is really amazing .
so is there a guy or , uh , a person .
or , uh , a sperm machine that did this to you , or ?
no , it is really dorky .
you were right the first time .
old hatred dissolve into new friendship .
it is a really wonderful moment .
i would give that lecture a solid b+ .
although , for the record , karen .
wow , kind of mean .
tell me what you really think .
I am just thinking about what you said , about karen , about closure .
she used to work for h.r . ?
blonde hair , nice boob .
not too big , not too small .
she wa the love of my life .
what you and jim have time 100. just she ... she just left .
and i did not ... i never got closure , you know ?
i never got closure with her .
i have not talked to her since .
i have not seen her since .
and i feel like i need to go to nashua and get closure .
i feel like i need that .
I will just blow off the lecture at rochester .
i am on a lecture circuit .
I am going around to all the branch , and I am telling them my secret recipe for success .
i have now memorized all of your name .
shirty , mole , lazy eye , mexico , baldy .
and i turn it on and i say 'prepare yourself for the utica chainsaw massacre . ' you remember holly ?
she used to work for hr ?
she is the love of my life .
she just left ... and i never got closure .
and i feel like i need to go to nashua and get closure .
do i look okay ?
yes , you can .
i am , uh , michael scott , regional manager of the scranton branch .
... um ... is , uh , holly flax anywhere here ?
oh- she is not here ?
she ha a boyfriend .
how could she do this to me , pam ?
i can not do the presentation , i can not- ... just ... oh ... thinking about seeing him ... and ... thinking about ... him getting to hold her and getting to kiss her , it just- oh , god !
i know , just ... uh , please , I am going through something , okay ?
and then she will move back to scranton .
and her boyfriend will die .
i can do this .
goooood morning , viet-nashua !
sale is what bwings u together , today .
how do we deal with client who say , `` frankly , my dear , i do not give a damn ... about paper '' and get them to `` show u the money ! '' well , we are going to find out today .
how many of you are salesman ?
let u see the salesman .
well i know what the rest of you are thinking .
salesman are the worst !
they are so arrogant .
they think the whole place revolves around them .
handsome , good listener , funny , mr. wonderful .
so , okay , you are a salesman .
what is , uh , what is your name ?
what kind of name is a.j . ?
what do you race car ?
you are funny , very good and funny .
tell me , a.j. , are you dating ?
is there somebody you date ?
yep , we will get to you .
okay , so you are dating somebody ?
um ... is it serious ?
huh- doe she ever talk about me ?
it is all connected .
doe she ever mention 'michael scott ? ' doe it feel good ?
ahh , leg are sorta giving out .
long drive in the car , so let u just- we will just continue .
yeah , yeah ... uh , i can not do this pam .
just read from- just read the card .
no , no , I am okay .
I am all right .
i went through holly 's thing .
i stole a sleeve of her sweater .
i also stole something off of her computer .
a document called `` dear michael . '' i should not have done it .
it just- i could not help it .
no , sh- she did not .
I am going to read it .
i know , i know .
you are right , you are right .
no , that would not- no , you do not have to do that .
is that what it said ?
what did it say ?
so good to have closure .
we should go apologize to roy or something .
who have i wronged ?
who have i wronged ?
what about that fat guy from stamford that i insulted ?
we should find him !
jabba the hut , pizza the hut , fat guy like pizza , pepperoni pizza , pepperoni tony !
man , wa he fat .
so , so ... fat .
you know what , forget it .
when i saw him , i would never be able to apologize to him .
hello , may i help you ?
let u go do it to somebody else .
oh , look at that .
really shoving our face in it this year .
you doin ok , bud ?
yeah , i hear ya .
it is been four month since i wa with holly , and she wa way hotter then stacy .
so if you think you are hurting ... oh , wow look at those .
how nice for you .
up there , front and center , beautiful .
i think they would look better right here .
they are very pretty and i would not want them to fall .
just about everyone in this office is single right now .
and everyone is experiencing an incredible amount of emotional pain .
especially me , because of my great capacity for emotion , and it is my first valentine 's day since holly , so i think that i am well qualified to understand that these people need to be protected from having love shoved into their face .
pam , really , they are back ?
can i have a word with you , jim ?
yes , um , jim .
today is a very difficult day for a lot of people in this office .
and the sexy look between you and pam , the general sexiness , the flower , it is creating a bit of a hostile work environment .
well , if you guy insist on having your own private little love fest- -that none of u can be a part of- -then , we , are going to have our own private valentine 's day party .
hey everybody , i just invited jim to suck it , and i am cordially inviting all of you to a special convention , a lonely heart 's convention , this afternoon .
so we may not have someone in our life that we love , but we do have each other .
i am about to give blood .
the gift of everlasting life , the transfer of my bodily fluid , oh wow , that is a big needle , that -- okay .
oh , ok. yeah , me too .
oh , well , that is fine .
yeah , can i point something out to you ?
you are actually talking a lot .
okay , here we go .
yup , I am good , whew .
wow , i feel like a human juicebox .
i looked at the bag .
i looked straight at the bag .
could you distract me for a second , just talk about thing that do not have blood in them ?
that is full of soup .
whew , wow i wa so nervous about this i do not think i ate for three day .
oh my god , how long wa i out ?
excuse me , waitress , where did the lady go ?
ok. oh , wait a second , wait a second , that is hers .
this is hers , she left her glove .
i need her name if I am going to return her glove .
well here we all are .
no flower for u .
relationship , we do not need no stinking relationship .
i think we should all go around and tell our worst relationship story , and then get past it , just blow through it , yeah ?
kelly , what about ryan ?
he treated you pretty terribly , yeah ?
yeah , but now his heart is in thailand along with the rest of his body having random sex .
okay , sorry , let u , who else ?
come on , I am sure there is something you need to get off your chest .
if you want to just , anything ?
I am sure whatever you did it wa not your fault .
ok well , who else ?
moron , if he wa there would not be a story .
well then it is a happy ending , because he wa gay .
you should call him !
alright who is next ?
you know what guy ?
i do not think we need to do this .
no , no , no , no .
i mean have this kind of party .
i look around and i see all these beautiful people who are alone on valentine 's , and i think that there are other single people out there too .
we just need to find them .
there is a girl out there for all of u maybe even in this office park .
there ha to be a way to get all these lonely people together .
not a giant net .
i wa thinking maybe like a mixer .
old fashioned meet market -- -- i do not think it is .
these people need love and i am going to get it for them who care if we sell a little bit le paper today ?
a great bos care more about the happiness of his employee then anything else .
i am going to be cupid , and i am going to shoot my sparrow at unsuspecting victim , and they are going to get hit and say `` I am in love i wa hit by cupid 's sparrow . '' funny little bird , but he get the job done .
ah , still early .
so how you holding up ?
no , i meant about being single today .
oh , here we go .
hello , I am michael scott , welcome to our little shindig .
lynn , follow me , come on in .
for you we have one of our top people kevin malone .
kevin , come out here show your beautiful self .
so run with the ball !
run with it , kev .
yeah , ok. well , he only get better .
you mentioned before that you are in tool and dye repair .
meredith recently had a total hysterectomy , so that is sort of a repair .
alright , I will let you guy talk .
it is going very well .
people are mixing , a lot of hope .
because that is what you hate to see , when hope get crushed .
sorry , thought i heard somebody coming in .
um , so it is not too late .
nobody 's after me , i just , i met a woman when i wa giving blood and i thought she might come by .
it is not a big deal really , i just , you know met somebody , we hardly talked , i picked up her glove so i wa hoping i could give it back to her .
believe me it nothing .
i hardly even talked to her we just , we were lying there next to each other , i think our blood bag touched .
[ everyone groan and girl turn around and walk away .
hey , you do not deserve her .
hey , if anybody want to go ... really ?
you know what , you guy , you guy can get out I am going to soldier on a little bit .
ok. four month ago , i dated a woman named holly and , um , this is actually the first time that I have even considered getting back into that arena again .
you know what , sometimes it is not about whether cinderella get her slipper back , but it is about the fact that the prince even picked up the slipper at all .
there is a lot of princess out there .
you know , they have all different size and shape of foot and hand so i think , i think my odds are pretty good .
i know you are .
4-9-1-7-4-5-1 they would never know it wa me doing it .
here we go , knock , knock .
buddha this bread for me , will not you ?
i , i need something to wipe my hand .
kgb - what the hell wa that ?
what are you doing ?
you , you like that ?
what are you doing ?
no more knock-knock joke .
dwight , get the door .
I am not going to answer it oh , no , no , no , no .
i am not michael .
i am willy wonkaaaaa .
why thank you very much .
oh , what are those ?
tell me , please !
no , no , no .
they are not just ordinary jelly bean little girl .
these are extraordinary jelly bean !
the willy wonka golden ticket promotional idea is probably the best idea i have ever had .
it is probably the best idea anybody ha ever had .
three day ago , i slipped five piece of gold paper into random paper shipment .
this entitles the customer to ten percent off of their total order .
it will be a day for them that is full of whimsy , and full of excitement and full of fantasy .
I have written these thing because it is my responsibility , a manager of this branch , to profiligate great idea and i think i have done my part with the golden ticket promotion .
now it is your turn .
i want to hear some great idea from you that are just a good a mine .
good idea are simple .
'golden ticket . ' no .
we are a business .
that is a golden ticket idea .
nasa took five or six golden ticket idea to get man on the moon .
no , you do not .
no , it - what will be the state of this company if i am the only one coming up with the great idea ?
tell me ; wa it a spoiled little girl with big lip ... ... or an odd little boy with a cowboy obsession ?
invite them on the tour .
that is kind of a big client .
um , how much of a hit is ten percent of our blue cross account ?
i thought i did .
so ... well no harm no foul .
you did not , but ... it will be fine .
it will be good .
i placed a bunch of golden ticket into five separate box and some how they all ended up with blue cross .
how doe this happen ?
ok , I am going to ask you something and i want you to be honest .
what is a pallet ?
my golden ticket idea ?
ok. why would anyone think that this is my golden ticket idea ?
there is a one in 13 chance that this could be anybody 's golden ticket idea .
that ... nobody panic .
the good news is ... they can not fire all of u , right ?
no , they can not .
oscar , you do not know what the hell you are talking about .
alright , then we are screwed .
i am just a net that trap all of your crappy subconscious idea and add a little bit of my own childhood memory and whimsy , so - thank you , jim is with me .
well you know what jim ?
it is not my fault that you bought a house to impress pam .
that is why carnation exist .
ok , we need a gold ticket idea to get u out of this mess .
ok , do not get that .
that is not constructive .
i just got back from my procedure , so- how are you doing ?
my colonoscopy wa an examination of my large colon and the distal part of my small bowel with a camera .
well , there is an explanation that involves me not letting it happen and i just do not ... i do not know .
i think we might have hired an outside marketing consultant .
you are breaking up .
ok , i think , it might have been an inside consultant .
good to see ya , have a seat .
i just wanted to congratulate you on that great golden ticket idea .
woah , wow , who told you that ?
no , i do not think i ever did .
that wa your idea dwight .
I am not taking ... I am not taking ... wait a second , wait a second , i wrote it down in my diary .
you have just never seen it .
dwight came up with the best idea today about golden ticket .
why do you have a diary ?
ok , you know what ?
you came up with this idea .
i remember you told me that you loved the willy wonka movie when you were growing up .
yes , you did .
what are you writing ?
would you like to go to lunch with me ?
just the two of u ?
we think a lot alike .
sometimes you will think something and i will say what you are thinking- umm , nacho chip .
oh , ok. let me just cut to the chase , dwight .
i want you to fall on your sword for me .
why do you even want to stay at dunder mifflin ?
i mean what is the point ?
you are cooped up in there all day .
you do not get to do your farming .
you are not dating angela anymore .
it doe not matter if you get fired for taking credit for the gold ticket idea .
it doe not matter .
me on the other hand , i would be lost without this place .
you , way too manly .
it is not ready yet .
i have an idea for a fancy men 's shoe store called shoe la la .
and it is just men 's shoe for the special occasion in a man 's life , like the day that you get married or the day your wife ha a baby , or for just lounging around the house .
may i have your attention please .
i have an announcement .
mr. dwight schrute and i just returned from a wonderful stroll together and although i probably will never do it again , i had fun .
i really had fun with my best friend , dwight .
yes they are , you just do not care about the information .
he doe not love it that much .
would not be such a bad thing for him to be fired .
i mean , like we were talking about that is why he ha come to the conclusion ... right .
you can not put a price on freedom .
that is why you made the decision .
that is why you made ... you kind of have .
get in -- what is it going to be , what are you going to do ?
what is it going to be ?
are you going to do this thing for me ?
hey david , how are you ?
good to see you .
dwight and i were just having a very unfortunate conversation .
yes it is , but it had to be done , did not it ?
hey , dwight , great idea .
dwight , dwight , great idea .
how did you come up with that idea ?
how did- how are you inspired ?
how did it pop into your head dwight ?
give me the detail of how that happened .
could i be a part of the meeting also ?
there is no movie called willy wonka .
it is called willy wonka and the chocolate factory .
i can not ... vouch for that .
but i do know this .
he is a liar .
he ha taken my idea .
ok , here is what happened , david .
it wa all my idea .
you called me and you were really angry at me and i got scared , so i had dwight take the fall , but now , it turn out that it is a great idea and dwight will not confess .
can you believe that ?
oh how dare you .
good idea , huh ?
hey , did you come up with toilet buddy ?
it is a net , circular net , that you put inside the toilet to catch all of your change and your wallet from falling into the toilet ?
formally known a toilet guard ?
it is a hollowed out sponge ... ... that is more absorbent , and softer than toilet paper .
i have a lot of toilet idea .
they are not easy .
everybody ha to go to the bathroom .
well david , i will be honest with you .
i do want the credit without any of the blame .
when they look back on this day in the history book all that will be remembered is that i had a good idea .
and that is what i am going to write down in my diary .
that is what i want you to write down in yours .
i want to see it .
i want to see it .
give me ... give me the diary .
i had no idea when i got in that car and headed to new york i wa going to quit .
i got on that ramp and i thought two hour , two hour to go .
listen to some tune .
should have peed before i left .
i get up to the building , i get to the revolving door ... broken !
so i have to take the normal door .
i wa so nervous it wa the wrong building !
i walked into the wrong building !
i looked at wallace and i said `` i quit ! '' and a i turned to leave i looked back and i said `` you have no idea how high i can fly . '' why would i do that ?
you guy have thought about this a lot more than i have .
i just winged it .
taste like splenda , get you drunk like scotch .
come-on ... come on , come on .
what am i going to do ?
I will tell ya what I am going to do .
i going to do a little bit of this , a little bit of that .
i going to stay up all day .
going to sleep it up all night .
I am going to give it a ohh !
and I am going to stop worrying about calorie .
i have a job .
pam , what you do not understand is that at my level you just do not look in the want-ads for a job .
any good headhunter know i am available .
you are ' i need you to ' is my command .
you can talk to me for a long a you want .
i have all the time in the world .
what is this about ?
me too , me too .
i already have wine .
that is a drive !
you work in paper long enough , you get to know the player .
what am i gong to do ?
okay , oh okay , okay .
just close your eye .
I am going to start my own paper company .
can you believe ... because i know paper .
i know everything there is to know about paper .
i practically invented decline .
right , i know paper , i know how to manage .
i have a name , close your eye .
alright , michael scott paper company .
do you want to be a part of this ?
oh , agreed , mmm , except ... hey hey ... what is up chuck ?
no I am staying .
instead of saying `` dunder mifflin '' at the top is there any way i could get it to say something else ?
somebody ha been talking in bed .
this is a dream that i have had since lunch , and i am not giving up on it now .
before you got here , I am the one who landed all these client .
half of them , at least .
i can do it again .
i know the market , i know the price point .
I am on it , do not worry .
so , how do i do that ?
can not i take some paper and just tape over it with transparent tape ?
thank you very much .
I am starting my own paper company .
it is going to be worldwide .
and I am looking for some talented salesman to join me .
that is where you come in .
can you believe it ?
well , we will see , we will see .
it is just a , just a nugget of an idea right now so potential , lot of potential .
it is ... it is very courageous , very exciting .
um ... that is what i wa thinking , with the farm , so ... you getting to wherever I am going to put my thing .
so think about it .
let u put a pin in it for now .
i made it sterile .
i am offering you the opportunity of a lifetime , oscar .
to come work for me .
no , no no .
okay , hey , you already have the job .
you do not have to convince me .
listen , listen , stanley .
you do not have to answer me now .
just ... i want you to think about it , I am starting my own company .
oh-okay , you are not letting me finish , and you just lost out on a million dollar .
i had a great time at prom .
and no one said 'yes ' to that either .
okay , i have immunity .
it is my two-weeks ... hank ?
you really think hank is going to be loyal to you ?
hank , please escort charles from the building .
well here we are ... i would just like to ... alright then everybody , I am outta here !
... and i feel free !
shh shh shh ... do not look down , look straight up .
angela kevin , you have to help me out i just need a few thing then i will be gone .
i wa going to , i wanted to .
but i had to start somewhere .
no , of course not .
but now i want everybody .
did you have time to think about my offer ?
so which way are you leaning ?
okay , okay , we do not have much time .
do not look at me people .
do not look down .
do not look down .
he is going to see me .
do not look all the way up .
keep it at a normal height .
this is not michael scott talking right now , this is your future .
hello , i am your future .
you are older , and you are very happy now .
because you went with michael scott .
so everybody come on down .
let u just crawl out of here together .
are you , are you doing your best here ?
are you being the best that you can be ?
everybody who is going to go with me i want you to stomp your foot .
you are coming with me .
here we go , here we go !
oh god ... okay alright .
it is time to go it is time to go .
jim , let u go .
i think maybe hank should be here .
you are going to mess with me , is that what you are going to do ?
I will tell you something charles , i do not even care .
because I have got nothing got lose .
oh my god , oh god !
no no , all right .
fine , it is not even worth it .
it is going to be great .
right ... executive assistant .
okay , well ... jim ?
well , okay , let u go .
jim jim jim ... we are having a company meeting here .
my hooker 's here .
that is inappropriate , pam .
would you like some french toast ?
so how you feeling about the new company ?
about the new company ?
no , I am whipping them .
let go , please .
just gimmee - i can not do this !
this is pathetic , is not it ?
i am such an idiot .
i gave up the only job i ever loved to do this ?
i have egg in my crocs .
i feel weak today .
felt much stronger yesterday .
like benjamin button in reverse .
I am not overwhelmed , pam .
do not patronize me , pam .
I am not getting dressed .
I am not getting dressed .
i have too many thing to do before i get dressed .
i need to find a hundred client .
it is totally impossible !
assemble a sale team .
he is everything I am not and everything i am .
he is the whole package .
best salesman I have ever met .
he worked at that telemarketing place .
oh also , we have a meeting this afternoon with a potential investor .
she invests in local business .
and i am putting together a little presentation for her .
yeah , i guess it is not so bad .
got a few thing cookin ' .
`` michael scott paper company . '' okay .
`` dear mr. scott .
please be advised that it is in violation of your condominium agreement to conduct a business headquartered in your residence .
the penalty , a forfeiture of residence . '' how are we going to find an office ?
how can we pay for an office ?
`` achey breaky fart . '' no !
`` my stump . '' like `` my hump '' but a guy with no leg .
we can do this .
so , get excited .
but i have to go the bathroom real quick .
if you will excuse me , be right back .
i would like a pair of size nine , please .
okay , imagine a company that ha no memory of your past misconduct because they have no file .
well , it ha always been a lifelong dream .
I am ... excuse me .
yes , it is .
everyone deserves a second second chance .
ryan , just out of curiosity , how much do you get paid here ?
would you like to come to work for the michael scott paper company ?
look what he is doing .
he is stealing them .
he is already paying for himself .
people turn to their family all the time when they need help starting out and if my nana 's investment club can help the michael scott paper company become a reality , then I am sure that is what she would have wanted .
well I am sure that you must all have very , very busy schedule , so i appreciate you meeting with u here today .
what this is is a business that i have worked toward my entire life .
i have assembled what i believe to be the most exciting , sought-after talent in the industry today .
lady and gentleman , i present to you the dream team .
from our very own scranton , pennsylvania - pam beesly .
pretty pam is always reaching for the star and someday , she may just surprise u all and grab one .
from his humble beginning a a - stay standing - from his humble beginning a a prominent surgeon , he risked it all to become the most successful telemarketer in the lipophedrene industry .
and do not call it a comeback .
the youngest vice president in the history of dunder mifflin , and recent bowling alley employee , ryan howard is about to make a splash in paper .
i have spent the last 15 year learning the in and out of the paper industry .
with a lean , mean fighting crew and low overhead , i think i can perform the same business at a much , much higher rate of profit .
by wanting it more .
by working hard- mmmm-my mission is stated a follows : i will not be beat .
i will never give up .
i am on a mission .
that is the michael scott guarantee .
and i offer same day , free delivery .
i really think that papa would want you to do this .
well what is it exactly ?
i mean , what , what specifically ?
we do not - it doe not have to be paper .
we could sell medicine and other ... well ... this might not be the right time , but i need more than i originally asked for .
i have cable and satellite a a backup .
yeah , i know .
two not-so-great thing in a row .
stuff happens , right ?
at least we got ryan .
we should call him rye bread .
we do not have to call him that .
unless you like it .
we could call him that .
well you know what ?
my mom always used to say that average people are the most special people in the world .
and that is why god made so many .
well we should make a list .
first on the list , let u get you out of the car .
okay ... i want you to listen to me .
because i want to tell you the situation that we are both in right now , kay ?
you quit your job .
i quit my job .
those are the fact .
that is what happened .
now , what are our choice right now ?
because you know , kiddo , you quit .
so what are our option ?
well , we can start this paper company .
or ... that is it .
that is our only option .
pam , i do my best work when people do not believe in me .
i remember in high school , my math teacher told me i wa going to flunk out .
and know what i did ?
the very next day i went out and i scored more goal than anyone else in the history of the hockey team .
see what i mean ?
i thrive on this .
i thrive on it .
so I am going to go inside .
I am going to make some call , I am going to get u an office space , and I am going to show you why you joined this company .
you got to have some extra space .
philly , work with me here .
there is got to be some sort of secret office that you have ... lurkin ' around ... some awesome , free , keep it off the book ... oh , no .
that would be humiliating .
i did what i had to do .
that is what being a man is .
and earlier today , i wa freaking out .
she wa the man .
do not think a woman can be a man ?
well , then that is your stereotype , not mine .
it is right in the middle of the paper belt .
yeah , I am good .
you know what they say , keep your friend close .
yes , i am , charles .
except this time , you have no legal right to kick me out , because i have started my very own paper company right here in the building .
if i were you , charles miner , i would watch your step .
because the michael scott paper company is about to open a big old can of whoopass on dunder mifflin .
actually a six pack .
we are going to open a six pack of whoopass .
it is britney bitch .
and i am back , in the form of a new company .
the michael scott paper company .
not going to make this one .
they took away my parking space but they can not take away my pride !
i would like to invite you all to come away with me , on a journey .
to the michael scott paper company !
we are in the heart of it .
and the surge of water carry our business out to the sea .
we wait , and hope that people show up to the pancake luncheon .
i do not know i think we have done absolutely everything you can do to prepare for the day .
I have updated our contact , i have gotten quote from supplier .
i have sent out an e-vite for our big grand opening pancake luncheon .
six yes , one maybe , only eleven no .
um , and 788 not yet replieds .
but of that group , 782 have viewed it .
i am going to need 800 of these , on nice bright paper .
it is a coupon for unparalleled customer service .
hey you said you were going to be out of town this weekend .
could you get to that copy from before ?
listen listen listen listen listen listen .
i need someone to make a copy of this .
because i do not make copy , I am the bos .
stop it stop it !
would someone just make the copy ?
just make that copy okay ?
they are getting on my nerve mom .
r think he is too good to be here , and p is not a much fun without jim .
I am on the phone , please .
mom , I am going to have to call you back .
p 's being a giant b. they always say that it is a mistake to hire your friend and they are right !
so , i hired my best friend .
and this is what i get ?
it ha come to my attention that some people in this office are not getting along with other people in this office .
and i think i have come up with the reason why .
this office space is too small .
there are ... 4 corner in this room .
each corner is to be a personal space for each one of you .
whichever corner you want .
and make it your own .
okay guy , thank you for the offer .
but i want you to get pumped about this corner idea .
1,2,3- what are we going to do ?
no , you are supposed to say , `` rock the house . '' that is my corner .
no , this is where i work .
i can not relax in the same corner where i work .
pam , i do not make the rule .
let me give you the tour .
you remember ryan and pam is around here somewhere .
maybe the michael scott paper company wa a huge mistake .
i should go , and start my own paper company .
that will show them .
get your free pancake .
young sir , would you like a free pancake ?
ryan , enough with the texting machine .
and tuck in your shirt , you are the face of this company .
you sorta disappeared there for a while .
well , at least you are still being honest with me .
these are shaped like paper .
i once had a dream .
that i wa eating a peanut butter and tuna fish sandwich .
and , let me tell you something it wa delicious .
so the next day , i decided to make that sandwich .
and in real life it is disgusting .
it is a disgusting sandwich .
and the reason i tell you this story .
pick up the phone .
do not tell them we have free delivery !
they do not know that !
give him a guarantee .
just say the word .
who would have thought , that the thing that would save this company would be work ?
in the end , this day definitely had it ups and down .
i realize that we do not have the biggest office .
which is a surprise , because 165 square foot sound like a lot .
but , we have people with the biggest heart .
and i think for a small company that is really someone went to the bathroom .
that is really what is important .
ed 's tire , huh ?
i really appreciate it .
it is for your trouble .
no , no , listen , a a friend , i want you to have this .
yes , i do .
that wa four year ago .
why do not you let it go ?
why do not you tell them that we have fewer client , so we can spend more time with each of them .
also , try to discus it over indian food , and try to mention how you distrust woman .
that would not seem genuine .
good , you take the lead on this one .
also , do not forget that he ha just gone through a messy divorce .
i need you to get me the price that you are charging ed 's tire so i can undercut dunder mifflin .
oh n- is it mose ?
did you put the cover on that well ?
I am not following you .
personal hero , cool new guy .
okay , i think I am getting your drift .
so is this for a movie that you are writing ?
can i use it ?
dwight , are you talking about u ?
someone could say that it is like the situation that we are in now ?
so i would say that the old bos ha always been good to dwight , and he wa there first , so he ha dibs .
you respect dibs , do not you ?
will you meet me in 20 minute at the spot ?
is the cool new guy charles ?
what is with the shirt ?
it is a setup .
just-what is going on ?
mm-do ... dwight would not- i. understand .
it wa a setup .
it is like , a girl say she will make out with you , but then her boyfriend is waiting around the corner with a pee-filled balloon .
i got hit in the face with a pee-filled water balloon , pam , ok ?
i do not know how they did it .
they filled the balloon with pee .
i do not know .
is that clear enough for you ?
i want you to listen to me , friend , and i want you to listen to me good .
i am going to come at you , and i am going to come at you hard .
i am going to steal all of your client , and then i am going to kill them in front of you .
I am just getting hardcore with him .
yes , and hear me , dwight , when i say i brought you into this world , and i can take you out .
is mr. schofield there ?
well , if you could do me a big favor and tell mr. schofield that michael scott ha ticket to the wilkes-barre penguin game this weekend , and if he would like to join me ... hello , daniel .
wanted to ask , did kathy ever make jv ?
hello , dwight , I have been expecting your call .
what do you want ?
so you heard schofield is considering a switch , and you want mercy ?
you think i am going to fall for that ?
there is no- meet- ok , go to the spot and then walk 100 foot .
you have two second .
i hope you are not recording this conversation .
i can not believe that you sided with charles .
so you just rat me out ?
you could have said no .
if you want a truce , i will give you a truce .
we did not see any .
okay , see you in a bit .
dwight hit a bear .
he will be here in a sec .
dwight , not now , we have been robbed .
no , dwight , we were robbed .
how would you even know ?
you are still stuck in traffic .
what about our truce ?
be that a it may , i have your meatball parm sandwich here , and i am going to eat it .
dwight , do you mind if we talk ?
if you keep coming after u , the michael scott paper company can not succeed .
oh , one more thing .
I am going to have you listen while i steal your biggest client .
oh , uh oh , I am turning you down right now .
you can hear me , but i can not hear you .
mr. schofield 's ready to see me .
thank you so much .
walking in the door ... mr. schofield , good to see you .
and I am closing the door .
now , when dwight tell you that he will keep price steady for a year , i think he is speaking out of turn .
he doe not have the authority to say that .
i , on the other hand , am the president , the owner , and the founder .
it is like you are buying software from bill gate .
what is that thing that dwight always say ?
paper is the soil in which the seed of business grow ?
that is very rude .
I am going to pull a date out of the air right now .
april 13th , 2002. that is the last day that you evaluated your paper need .
we all know that the economy is bad , and bloated company like dunder mifflin ... are going to fall by the wayside .
two of their branch have closed within the last year .
the michael scott paper company , however , ha opened a new branch this very month .
that sound like a fantastic idea .
i will see you this weekend for the penguin .
box seat a usual .
good , good , good .
i will see you .
i color code all my info .
i wrote `` gay son '' in green .
green mean go , so i know to go ahead and shut up about it .
orange mean `` orange you glad you did not bring it up ? '' most color mean `` do not say it . '' i wanted to start a company , not a war .
because in a war , you always fight those you are closest to .
and the great tragedy of the civil war is that brother fought against brother .
what purpose did that serve ?
apart from abolishing slavery ?
in that case , war wa the right choice .
this doe not feel a important though .
that is just how the world work , i guess .
he give me lead and i take the lead from him and in exchange it make him feel good .
and if a friend can not make you feel good , then i do not want any friend .
except dwight , because he is our only source of fertile lead .
dwight just got howard family dry cleaner .
he is undercutting u big time .
he is actually taking a loss and paying the difference out of pocket .
hey , hey , hey .
something about that seems inappropriate .
betrayal are not just a river in egypt .
it is 4:30 in the morning .
do you know where your kid are ?
if you are ryan 's parent or pam 's parent or my parent , you do .
they are going to be in this van .
i am just a 44 year old guy with a paper route .
time to make the donut .
no , i promise i will not do it again .
time to make the donut !
your donut make me go nut !
that is what i said .
we are , uh , we are doing okay .
a couple week in and , um , we are having fun .
we have 20- of those .
you know what we need ?
we need some couch in here .
oh , you know what you would love ?
is if we built a loft .
like in a dorm room .
you put your desk underneath , you have your loft up top .
you can sleep up top .
most do in the magazine .
we should look into that .
or we just go for the loft .
how much can we afford to pay a delivery guy ?
they are correct , sir .
a lame attempt at humor .
swing and a miss .
right , so- why do not you explain what that is to- so that they can under- just explain what that is .
well , we do not- whatever , yeah .
our price are the only thing keeping u in business .
hold on , hold on .
ty , i would like you to crunch those number again .
just crunch them please .
well , this is slightly embarrassing .
um , I am going to have to ... ask you to pay me a little bit more money for that delivery we dropped off yesterday .
we got the check , but we are just going to need a much , much bigger check .
did i ever tell you about the day that steve martin died ?
but i always thought that the day that he died would be the worst day of my life .
i would love that .
i love pad thai .
there is a lot i have not done .
we are not hiring , jim .
listen , i can not make you laugh right now .
jim , what you do not understand is that this company 's worthl- no- we do not have- uh ... yes .
yes , well , we are not only tight-ends , we are also quarterback .
that is a pun .
nope , nope , nope .
there is no way in hell that i am going to say that we are broke .
oh , I am really worried that I am going to say it .
ah ... I am good , I am good .
michael scott paper company to see mr. david wallace .
i believe we are expected .
well , well , well .
how the turntable ... and we are prepared to reject that offer .
never accept their first offer .
what is your second offer ?
are you kidding me ?
that is insultingly low .
i do not even want to hear what your first offer wa .
I will see your situation and I will raise you a situation .
your company is losing client left and right .
you have a stockholder meeting coming up and you are going to have to explain to them why your most profitable branch is bleeding .
so they may be looking for a little change in the cfo .
so i do not think i need to wait out dunder mifflin .
i think i just have to wait out you .
we will have to talk- just amongst ourselves .
oh , my god .
oh , my god .
we are so rich .
it is a lot of money , okay .
but we need money coming in every week .
would not you rather have a fishing pole than a fish ?
shut up , shut up .
i want my old job back .
i want my old parking space back .
i want a sebring .
and i want charles gone .
i need him gone .
okay , then i want pam back .
yes , she is .
at the michael scott paper company in it is heyday .
you know , david .
i do not care if ryan murdered his entire family he is like a son to me .
and dental this time .
these are our demand .
our company is worth nothing .
that is the difference between you and i. business is not about money to me , david .
if tomorrow my company go under , i will just start another paper company .
and then another and another and another .
i have no shortage of company name .
that is one of them !
these are our demand .
this is what we want .
our ball are in your court .
can we have the room please ?
can you believe it ?
that is what I am talking about !
there are certain defining moment in a person 's life .
the day he is born .
the day he grows hair .
the day he start a business .
and the day he sell that business back to dunder mifflin .
what have i learned from all of this ?
it is far too early to tell .
i just know that i am flying high and i do not even want to think about it .
i just want to enjoy it .
he started his own company , and now he is back .
who could it be ?
I will give you a hint .
he is a man .
a man you have missed with all your heart .
a man who ha ruined all other men for you .
it is michael scott .
conference room , five minute .
well , i guess the first order of business is to welcome back me , and pam and ryan .
and how about casual friday again , huh ?
you all look great .
what i want to do right now is try something a little different .
I am going to throw it out there , starting with this meeting .
i want you guy to run it .
i want you to say whatever you want , take it away .
if there is something that you would like to say a a group , then by all mean , you may say it to me right now .
take it up with toby .
what i want you to do , is i want you to look inward .
and i want you to reflect .
and i want you to say something different .
when i needed salesperson for my new paper company , everyone here turned their back on me .
am i going to ask them to beg for forgiveness ?
am i going to ask for big , cry apology ?
am i going to ask them to slit their wrist for me ?
i just want a tiny , microscopic version of that .
oscar , what were you going to say ?
yes , you have a job .
frankly , you have a job because ryan and pam are starting with u a salesman .
it is going to work very smoothly , because pam and ryan are bringing over a ton of client from michael scott paper company and- no , you lost those client .
let me explain something to you .
i set the rule and you follow them .
and if you have a problem with that then you can talk to our complaint department .
it is a trash can .
there you are , my friend .
well-where is that bowl ?
michael scott paper company only .
okay , well -- i will-no , no .
I will talk to them when they all get back from the bathroom .
the old michael scott might have taken this , but not the new michael scott .
they are in for a bitter surprise .
i am not to be truffled with .
six week ago , none of these people wanted to come with me .
you two were the only one with the stone to follow .
that wa u , right there .
yeah , the commish .
where did you eat ?
what did you have , stanley ?
so since you guy already ate , you will not be eating the stuff you brought with you for lunch , will you ?
oh , wow , stanley .
is that egg salad ?
andy brought some salmon .
dwight , is that a meat sandwich ?
I am going to of have some of this meat sandwich .
what kind of sauce is on your salmon ?
thanks for going out , guy .
hey , hey guy .
you know what i want you to do ?
shake hand , get over it .
that wa not a shake , dwight .
you guy got to be kidding .
i love this idea , and i fully support you .
a a matter of fact , I am going to give you some seed money .
there is some seed money for you .
and you can take it , no hard feeling .
but if you stay , i want an apology , and i want a big one .
it is frontward 's .
no matter how i look at this , i am in the wrong .
and i have looked at this thing , like a hundred different way .
from my point of view , from their point of view ... 98 others .
and the bottom line , i am in the wrong .
I am the bad guy .
i need you to arrange a meeting between me and the sale staff without ryan and pam knowing .
whatever you guy did earlier .
just do it , okay ?
are you kidding me ?
okay , okay , okay .
so from the bottom of my heart to the top of my heart , i am sorry .
if we could just focus and go down the line , and everyone would say , `` apology accepted '' , i think we would all feel better .
and then we can break out my gift to you-complimentary white chocolate bark .
they would not make it unless people liked it .
if i give you your client back there will not be enough client for ryan and pam , and i promised both of them they were going to be salesperson .
fine , have your client .
i can see that is what you wanted all along .
however , i rescind my apology .
you are not reacting at all a i had hoped .
can i talk to you for a minute ?
and bingo wa his name .
i need your help .
this whole pam/ryan debate is screwing with my head .
you are close with pam too .
pro for ryan , he went to business school , he is my number one choice .
i like his hair .
that sound pretty biased .
i think that she is a fast learner .
con , she doe not always follow through .
sh-new york and the whole art school thing .
she ha a weird voice .
i do not need to tell you that .
i do not think you are being totally impartial though , because you have not said one bad thing about pam .
so be it , then you have lost credibility .
and I am going to go with my guy , and that is ryan .
i want you to bring the garbage out .
because I am not going to have sex with you unless you bring out the garba- i have a very difficult decision to make .
it is like last week i wa at the video store .
do i rent devil wear prada again ?
or do i finally get around to seeing sophie 's choice ?
it is what you would call a classic difficult decision .
pam , can you come in here , please ?
well , there is no easy way of saying this .
so i think i will just ... drag it out .
since the dawn of time there ha been- i gave ryan the sale job .
there just were not enough client for the two of you .
so i had to- I am sorry , sorry .
yes , you did .
no , you are the best person for the job .
you are going to be great .
you should have seen your face .
oh , that wa classic .
that wa really good .
that wa really good .
i do not know , i offered him his temp job back .
he wa not happy at all when i offered him this job and then i told him he did not get the job , so- i do not appreciate you telling me what to do .
so clean out your desk , you are through here .
what is our receptionist name ?
could you send her in ?
this is very difficult to say , but no one here like you in the office and we are going to have to let you go .
hank , could you come up here please ?
hank is our security guard- he will be ushering you out .
oh , your face !
no , I am kidding .
no , you are not-you are not fired .
oh ... i do not know , actually .
i still have the lease on the michael scott paper company , so occasionally i will sneak down here for a little coffee and dancing .
i actually dance all the time .
tip-toeing around corporate - it is a ballet .
when i am breaking all the rule , i am break dancing .
guy , I am scared .
I am really scared .
i think I am growing into a giant .
because look at this normal sized coffee cup .
look so tiny in my giant hand now .
anybody want to go to lunch with me later on ?
how about a woman ?
ok. what about the rest of you ?
at dunder-mifflin there is a very strict no lunch with the bos policy and i do not know who instituted it .
i think it started right after my predecessor stepped down , but at the michael scott paper company i really enjoyed having lunch with pam and ryan everyday .
so , rule be damned , i want to have lunch with these people .
i am accounting on you to go to lunch with me .
what happened to you people ?
we are just office drone .
we are office drone .
all we do is work ... is work .
i ... wa just learning ... to ... love .
i come in here to release frustration .
if you ever want to come down here , door 's always open , lock 's broken , so ... come on in .
hey , hey , hey .
now you got it .
now you got it .
hey , you want some espresso ?
you got to keep yourself dehydrated .
ok. i love it .
guy , i believe that i have figured out what is up your butt .
there is no reason to be scared .
the bad man is gone.charles is gone .
charles really did a number on these guy .
they are way too focused on work .
when i wa in charge , this place wa like dave and buster 's people just hanging out , having , fun , eating apps .
i do not know .
it is like dave died or something .
daddy 's here and daddy is going to take care of you .
i am your big daddy and i am going to kiss da boo boo .
are you all afwaid ?
daddy 's here for you .
ok. i think that i have figured a way to get you guy out of your funk .
funk is the problem and the solution .
I have taken my downstairs office and i have turned it into a place to hang out .
a place where unattractive and attractive people can get together .
to see the one that you love .
to love the one that you see .
why do not you get over lunch , oscar ?
everybody else is past it .
dwight is confusing you .
that - it is , it is more of a disco .
... with coffee but without the haunted .
it is a daytime disco on the ground floor of and industrial office building .
i can not force you to go down but i can entice you .
I am going to be down there .
erin will be down there from time to time ... and all-you-can-eat espresso .
well , kevin , i guess it is just me and you .
holdin ' down the fort .
this is a no work zone .
please respect the lei .
now i know what the founder of phillip-morris felt like .
you just want to give people a smooth , fun way to relax and suddenly you are just some terrible monster .
show me some attitude .
what did you do ?
you did not do that .
you are ok. you are ok. let u lie down .
you want to go down ?
ok. that is ok. that is not a problem .
it is her back .
we just - we need - let u - you know what ?
we are going to take care of you .
we are going to get you help .
let u - come on .
this is no good .
i do not need you to give me a history lesson .
it is just , we need to get her out of here because no one is going to want to go in there with a woman writhing around on the floor .
wait , wait , wait .
but most importantly we need to get her some medical attention .
a soon a possible .
oh , just having to much fun .
phyllis , we are going to put you in here .
dwight 's going to take care of you .
i do not want anyone to worry .
oh , you know .
she is - we were hanging out at cafe disco and she had a flare up of am existing injury .
but she is a tough , old bird .
so ... ok. phyllis did injure herself .
but she injured herself having fun and i do not think she would trade that memory for anything .
you all took a life here today .
the life of the party .
i want you to go downstairs and i want you to shut it down .
i do not care .
i hope you are happy .
i guess they got what they want .
i am eating alone .
might a well be dinner .
cafe disco is dead but i can still hear the music in my head .
it is better than i imagined it !
i am michael scott .
may i interest you in a triple espresso or perhaps a dance ?
here is the deal - one signature for every song .
i know , angela .
a lot of people doubted cafe disco at first but it is a magical place .
you have to give it a chance .
if these wall could tale they would say , `` this is a magical place !
you are safe here .
we have talking wall .
we are not going to eat you . '' no .
hey , thank you , creed .
you are really getting this place .
no ... cleaning ... up .
can you believe this ?
it is really happening .
you guy are the best for coming .
you do not have to stay if you do not want to .
get out of here .
come on , man .
it is not even to `` y '' .
would you like to dance ?
my grandpa wa the funnest guy i ever knew .
he would .... fall down .
but then ... he started going to these meeting and everything changed .
he ... stopped going out at night .
he got a job .
the fun just dried up .
it wa really sad .
i do not want that to happen to you guy .
I am not going to let it happen .
what is so funny ?
alright , let u all go home .
see you all tamale .
we are just friend .
hey , hey , wait a second .
who let you in here , is what i want to know .
yeah , that is right .
uh , i meet a lot of people .
so would you guy like some lemonade ?
or one of you ?
or both of you ?
the combination are endless .
you can go to hell .
um , sure , i will get you the best iced tea in the world .
i lied to kevin .
holly and i can never be just friend .
i wrote down a list of bullet point why holly and i should be together , and I am going to find the perfect moment today and i am going to tell her .
number one : `` holly , you and i are soup snake . '' the-and the reason is ... because ... in term of the soup , we like to- that doe not make any sense .
we are soul mate .
holly and i are soul mate .
what is up with you two , holly ?
wow ... I am designing a chair .
it is part of your pant .
you sit down , you are supported .
all right , fatty .
i will do it .
you know what , we should actually rehearse .
you bet your fat as we are .
well , in his infinite wisdom , david wallace ha authorized u to put on a little presentation about the history of dunder mifflin .
i brought some snacky snack , in case we get hungry .
um , no , i just thought we would wing it .
we could do a movie ... sort of thing .
could we get a delorean ?
we are circling it .
uh , it is a sketch now .
and now , presenting ... yes , i am .
ohh , I am thinking ... I am going to say ... b , tour of dartmouth college .
i wa a tour guide at dartmouth college ! !
yeah , I am definitely getting in .
I am a shoo-in .
I am robert mifflin .
two hundred and fifty dollar is more money than I have ever seen in my life .
i will say , c , a gun .
he shot himself in the head .
i will say b , buffalo !
david wallace told me ! !
well ... i did not know they did not know .
well , he is just thinking about his own gift .
probably should not have mentioned buffalo .
should have had hindsight .
i think it went well .
i think it wa good .
no , it wa a tough audience .
believe me , i have seen a lot of tough audience in my time , and that wa one of them .
we have a lot of good material for next year 's sketch .
well you guy should hit the road before ... i close down another branch .
good to see you .
i did not find a perfect moment , because i think that today wa just about just having today .
and i think that we are one of those couple with a long story , when people ask how they found each other .
i will see her every now and then , and ... maybe one year she will be with somebody , and the next year , I will be with somebody , and it is going to take a long time ... and then it is perfect .
I am in no rush .
okay , we all go together or we go one at a time .
who is getting married ?
if somebody doe not tell me , I am going to start screaming .
hey , i hired them !
this place is like spaniard fly .
did everybody know about this but me ?
you will never guess what i know .
how do you know this ?
i hate , hate , hate being left out .
whether it is not being picked for a team , or being picked for a team and showing up and realizing the team doe not exist .
or that the sport doe not exist ?
i should have known .
man , i know how you feel .
i have been the third wheel so many time in my life .
my mom told me something once that made me feel a lot better .
she said `` the third wheel is what make it a tricycle . '' I am talking about your group date with megan and eric .
yes well ... stanley wa on your group date ?
doe anybody else know about this ?
so , what is the scuttlebutt ?
well i got a little something something .
i do not know if i should say ... stanly is having a midlife crisis .
well apparently , he and his wife were out dancing at a club for young people .
you stupid son of a bitch .
you set me up .
stanley 's wife is out of town .
oh , wa he ?
well who , his sister ?
i do not get it !
uhh ... hmm ... okay .
stanley is having an affir .
i am very happy right now .
thrilled perhaps , to be part of the office , to be part of the conversation .
when you have somebody is attenton , and their eye are lighting up because they are very interested in what you have to say , that is a great feeling , and i experienced that firsthand today .
it is wonderful to be the center of attention .
that and that are the same letter .
he is holding a pencil .
he could be doing a crossword puzzle with that pencil .
what is that letter , right there ?
same letter here and here .
what have not you guessed ?
that is a `` t '' , and there is another one right there .
just sound that out .
you are almost there .
where you going , big guy ?
up to no good ?
no , no , no , no .
i just had a quick question for you .
I am casting a movie and I am looking for a woman who can dance , beautiful woman .
do you know anybody ?
pay five million dollar .
did you hear stanley 's having an affair ?
oh , okay , i get it .
you feel out of the loop , and you feel sorry for yourself , and it is really sad because everybody think you are a loser ... stop .
hold up , hold up , hold up !
no , no , no .
time to stop being polite and get real .
stanley , are you having an affair ?
so it is not true .
okay , well ... ahhh , those intern , they told me they saw you at a club , and they all said it wa you , it wa clearly just ... racial profiling gossip .
i know , i know .
oh , i bet .
wait , hold , hold , hold ... so it is true ?
wait a second , do people often say they are going on sale call and then go someplace else ?
because that is not cool .
I am not saying ... a damn thing .
you can count on me .
oh , that smell good .
did you hear about angela ?
that is pretty weird .
well , the fact that she is apparently dating an 81-year-old billionaire .
owns a quizno 's on the turnpike .
how do you un-tell something ?
you can not put word back in your mouth .
what you can do is spread false gossip so that people think that everything that is been said is untrue , including `` stanley is having an affair . '' it is like the end of spartacus .
I have seen that movie half a dozen time , and i still do not know who the real spartacus is , and that is what make that movie a classic whodunit .
she is an anorexatic .
nothing can be done , we just have to tell everybody and hope for the best i guess .
I am worried about erin , because she is not a very good worker .
i do not know how long she is going to last here .
so ... and andy is gay .
did you hear pam is pregnant ?
guy , guy ... you can not believe everything you hear .
like stanley , having an affair ?
it is just ... there is no stalking it .
it is a weird day for false fact .
okay everybody , big day .
last day for our intern , a lot of other stuff ... who know what to believe ?
dwight , the honor .
yeah , yeah ... you know what ?
let u discredit these rumor .
that is not important , jim , i just think we should not listen to any of that crap .
okay , i made it all up .
but guy , I am a victim here too , okay ?
people here have been saying that I am a j. crew model .
i spread the rumor that somebody here wa a j. crew model , and i wa referring to myself .
because a lot of people think that model , even though they are very attractive , are somewhat vapid .
it is set our industry back quite a bit .
okay , okay ... here is the thing .
there wa one true rumor out there today .
i did not want everybody to know what it wa .
so all of you are off the hook , except for this one person .
the one true rumor , and this is going to ruin this person 's life , is that ... alright , alright ... you know , this is not the truth , and you can not fall on the sword this way .
the real thing is that stanley hudson had an affair .
jim ... look at that !
that is the inside of your vagina !
how long have you known about the pregnancy ?
did you pee on a stick ?
you should have told me .
oh , oh ... yeah , a long time ago , just to make sure she wa out of town .
oh ... oh god .
no , i have to take it , or it will seem suspicious .
no , no , i can do this .
yes , i can .
i am going to tell her that i need to redecorate my condo , and i need her help .
we will haggle about money , and then i will back down , and then i will not talk to her until this whole cynthia thing ha blown over .
hey , what up , cynthia ?
hold on a second , cynthia .
well , it turn out that teri wa already suspicious , because she had caught stanley and cynthia a few month ago .
so stanley promised that he would stop , and he did , end of story .
well , not exactly .
uhh , cynthia kept calling him , she would not stop calling him , and she wa in love with him .
oh , and get this .
cynthia , also married .
so ... you can not stop love , i guess and quite frankly , i do not think you should ever try .
yes , oscar come on in .
close the door if you would .
thank you , thanks so much for talking to me .
I am going in for a procedure today .
yeah , it is routine .
I am just a little bit scared .
it is a colonoscopy .
in your experience , what should i be expecting in term of sensation or emotion ?
is there anything i can do to make it more pleasurable for me or for dr. shaundry ?
my main concern , should i have a safe word ?
abso ... you know what ?
I will do you one better , sunday , sunday night .
ho , hol , hold on big guy , I am going to put it in the mail sunday night and you will get it wed .
oh right , this thing .
what is this about ?
it is okay with me but he is going to want me in there .
alright , do you mind if it sit this out ?
i have so much work to do , i feel like I am going to blow my brain out .
am i worried that jim and david are having a meeting without me ?
no , because we are the three amigo .
and once in awhile one of the amigo will go off ... to the bathroom ... while the other two have a secret meeting .
hey let me escort you to your desk .
you and jim are close , huh ?
hey , what do you think he and david are talking about ?
what do you ... well , you said good luck to jim a he walked in .
if you are lying to me right now pam , your baby is going to come out a liar .
that is how it work .
they inherit thing through the breast milk .
i just do not want you to lie to me .
i do not want you to ever lie to me .
have i ever lied to you ?
i just do not want you to .
uh huh , well if he doe not like it you can tell that sob that he is fired .
sorry , I am going into a meeting right now .
i will ... i love you too .
what did i miss ?
yes , i do !
no , i do not .
yes , i do !
no , i do not mind .
catch you guy on the flippity flop .
oh this ... call waiting .
yeah , uh huh , well you tell the mayor he just lost six vote .
no , i think they are talking about me .
what is jim telling him ?
that i can not handle this job ?
that 's bull crap .
that is bull crap .
although , it ha been chaotic lately .
corporate shut down the buffalo branch which left u to absorb all of their client .
i will tell you there ha been work everyday .
had to come in on a saturday .
to retrieve ... i left my cell phone here .
how are your sale doing ?
shhh , I am just trying to figure out what is going on in that room , okay ?
wallace had to show up on the one four month period that I am completely overwhelmed .
you know when they say it is so crazy it just might work ?
well , i do not believe that .
i say go for the air-tight plan and that is why i am having andy wheel me into the conference room inside a makeshift cheese cart .
it is just elegant .
hey , hey , you must have walked right past me .
look who you are talking to .
well i would say that my greatest talent is being the best man , woman , or child , to have ever run this branch , ever .
permission to speak on the record ?
jim is like big bird .
he is tall and yellow and very nice .
but would i put him in charge ?
no , i do not think so .
because big bird doe not make the tough decision .
i ... if i wa going to put someone in charge , i would put burt in charge or i would put one of the real grown-ups in charge , like maria or gordon , maybe .
very much , jim is my best friend .
but it is his performance report ... right here .
now this wa written by toby , who we all know is extremely reliable .
david it is not very well written , but you get the gist .
i can just continue to run it myself .
this wa jim 's idea ?
ummm , well I would have to talk to my mother and my guy at h and r block .
i can not help but feel partially responsible .
little pick me up ?
oh those are the best .
well we did talk about how handsome you are .
oh what a week , god .
we said ... i know there were certain thing we said ... hmmm , that is weird , that is weird ... it is kind of weirding me out .
did you know that lincoln 's secretary wa named kennedy .
tell you what , when you leave this office i am going to call wallace and i am going to tell him that you should get that promotion .
hey david , this is michael scott .
just wanted to talk to you about jim halpert .
i understand that he did not receive the promotion .
and i wanted to see what i could do to nudge you in the right direction .
wha ... here is the thing , jim is the best man for this job , i think you should give it to him .
well , nnnn , that ... that wa an anomaly .
that file had been falsified .
toby flenderson is doing drug .
hey , hey jim , it would make me feel really good right now if you would just punch me in the face .
alright , just do it .
i never recommended you because i did not want to lose you and i did not want to lose pam , and now i do not want to lose the baby .
that is what she ... kind of in the middle of something here .
i , yeah ... no , I will tell him myself .
no , it is just u .
oh , oh , well here he is right now .
well just a long a it mean jim becomes a manager .
i like that , so manager and co-manager .
well that might be a little confusing for people because they know me a manager .
okay everybody , i have an announcement to make ... whoa do you have an announcement ?
everybody , david wallace and i have talked and we have decided to promote jim to the position of co-manager .
of your butt , and your butt , and your butt , all of the scranton branch butt .
what is happening to me ?
i am also being promoted to co-manager , we will be co-managers together .
jim halpert , welcome .
no way , no how .
expense report are a day-to-day item .
that is jim 's now .
i am exclusively big picture , epic .
that is not big picture .
that is not- okay- that is day-to-day .
you are trying to trick me .
get out , get out , get out , get out , get out .
everyone , now would be a good time to freshen up , because I would like everyone to meet in the conference room in five minute .
and i suggest that you bring a snack , because we may be in there for a while .
mmm , sure , but could i first talk to you in my office ?
no , i do not think they are .
i think the meeting are very important .
n- well , to be fair , jim ... james ... jimothy ... to be fair , jimothy , the- ah , that sound weird .
are you okay with being called jim ?
jim , to be fair , the conversation wa not about planet ... at first , we were talking about introducing a line of toilet paper .
and what part of the human body doe one use toilet paper upon ?
so you draw a line from there to the other planet , and i think by the end , we all learned a little bit about how small we are .
because it is a big universe , and we are all just little , tiny speck of dust .
you know what eats a large amount of the day are nap .
you go to sleep , it is light out , you wake up , it is dark .
that is the whole day .
where did that day go ?
i have no idea .
no more meeting this week .
i can be very suprising .
yeah , just focus-grouping a product expansion idea to these folk .
got one of each .
stanley , you do not need to answer that .
what do you mean by `` these people '' ?
oh , hey , everybody , i think that jim ha gone insane , because he think that my office is a conference room .
listen , jim , no offense , but when push come to shove , what i want is more important that what you want .
what do you guy think ?
no , no , no , you do not need to go anywhere .
anything that jim ha to say to me , he can say in front of these type of people .
that is not what wallace told u .
that is not the way i heard it .
it is one thing , me giving you the co-manager title .
it is another thing , you bossing me around .
no , no , no .
no , we will not call david wallace .
i will call david wallace .
or david wallace will call u on line two .
why do not we just- hey david , this is michael , senior co-manager .
got it , dave .
sound like your classice big-picture decision .
which is it more of ?
i thought maybe we could talk after this is over .
no , it will not be .
i am on top of it .
talk to you later- okay , you did not let me say good-bye .
alright , i am looking forward to this .
i hate the fact that we have to do this together .
i think we work better separately .
when i am irritated and i look at you , i do not see you anymore .
all i can see is how big and gross the pore on your nose are .
you know , there is no easy way to do this .
i say we add 1.5 % to their paycheck and do not say anything about it .
no , we can do it during the day .
it doe not have to be that dramatic , jim .
jim , do not take this the wrong way .
are you going to take this the wrong way ?
you use your brain too much .
sometimes the smartest people do not think at all .
a i wa saying it .
con- you look like a nerd .
pro- you get to share your pro and con list with the other nerd .
con- you unzip your pant , and you find that there is a calculator down there .
that will not go over well .
oh , my god !
are you going to make another pro and con list ?
I am going to kill myself .
i could not do that , jim .
i can see it in your crusty little eye that you are going to make everything perfect .
if i can just think this through , if i could just think it exactly right , i can make this perfect , and then i can go down every avenue , and every avenue off of that avenue , and then another avenue .
and then another- oh , i do ? !
tell me what they are .
that- i am not known for that !
you went over my head to wallace !
well , why do not you tell me what those are , jim ?
why do not you enliven me ?
okay , here is a tough decision for you .
is that clear enough for you ? !
okay , skippy , here we go .
why do not you run yourself out there and tell them ?
this had better be terrible .
okay , all right .
well , we all know it is hard to be a bos , right ?
these are your best friend .
these are the people who will open their heart to you .
they all have heart-ons for you , and that is a gift .
so in term of gift , we should be giving each other gift .
angela , yes , lend oscar a cup of sugar .
this- my plan- a man- panama .
let me get this clear !
doe everybody want a raise ?
alright , everyone want a raise , so what we are going to do is go into here , and we will not come out until we do .
what about a raise based on merit ?
ryan , obviously the best .
are you making a- toby .
just wanted to draw a picture of him .
i ... will skip a turn .
i need more time .
hey , what are you guy doing in here ?
oh , what are you usually ?
usually a ten , but I am feeling like a zero .
i know , i know .
yes , we did .
i just ... i used to have to do this part alone , and it wa the worst .
i have something i would like to give you .
just pretend we are not here .
what do you think ?
i spent all morning on it .
it is just a really important day for me .
we are all going to go and we are going to have a good time .
and , hey , do not embarrass me when we go to niagara .
you stole my joke .
do not steal my joke .
i said that yesterday .
dwight , that is my joke .
this is what I am talking about .
when we leave here and go up to niagara fall we are representing dunder mifflin , everyone .
this is a very important wedding for the branch .
the most important wedding until i get married .
so , i want you all on your best behavior or so help me , god .
so ... i will see you up there in viagra fall !
pam and jim 's wedding will be the single best pick up destination in the history of the universe .
get out of here .
oh , my god , dwight .
there is ... a name .
well , tell me about jocelyn .
is that all you have on her ?
you are an idiot .
those glass are super dark .
we need some tune , i think .
that wa nice of you .
oh , very thoughtful .
a little mix to set the mood .
you want me to play that for a woman coming to my room ?
that is not how it work .
reservation for michael scott .
i do not have a reservation but i want a room in the halpert-beesly block of room .
i need to stay in your room .
I am staying in your- come on , dwight .
i would do the same for you .
yes ... just go- oh .
and you know what ?
i would say yes but you can not .
and I will tell you why .
if i have a woman up there and thing are getting amorous , she is going to get turned off if she look in he bathroom and see you brushing your teeth with butter and clay .
ok. i do not have a room ?
you must pas the dungeon wisdom test . ' jerk .
when mary wa denied a room at the inn ... jesus wa born .
when michael wa denied a room at the inn , we do not know what happens because that story ha not been told yet .
can i stay in your room tonight ?
not in the same bed .
in the other bed .
you ... are ... kidding me .
I am not a physic major , stanley .
I am just saying be careful .
could i stay in your room tonight ?
you are going to be slepping by yourself for the rest of your life , so you just get used to it .
yeah , yeah , yeah .
she is very conservative .
so , mum 's the word .
nice to meet you .
who is doing a toast ?
i would like to go third .
sort of bat clean up and- that is seriously going to impeed my ability to hook up with your female relative .
did not move my lip .
head table , where i belong .
well , who is that one ?
what am i supposed to do with that , dwight ?
they have hilarious material and they are going to totally deliver it wrong .
i would kill with the brother stuff .
it should be me ... up there .
it should be me and pete , not pete and tom .
that is not appropriate .
i promised i wa not going to make a toast and I am not going to .
just going to do a little free standing comedy and if at the end everybody want to raise their glass to pam and jim , then so be it .
hey , what is the deal with the smart car ?
how smart is that ?
those thing are tiny .
can you even drive them in traffic ?
' I am so smart .
i drive a smart car . ' that is not smart in my book .
the real smart car is kitt from knight rider .
that is a car that can talk .
can smart car talk ?
that is not smart .
and also , chitty chitty bang bang .
and ... you ... everybody can laugh .
it doe not have to just be the idiot .
what i think jim is trying to say is that ... they had an accident and you know what ?
these two people , they are living together , they are having lot of consentual sex- yes .
yes they were living together .
yes and you know what ?
you can not expect them to be careful every time .
because , frankly , it is just a different sensation .
when you c- well ?
they say it is not different , but it is a different sensation .
when you use something to block- i think everybody know what i am talking about .
it is not necessarily different for the woman- ... but it is different for the- ok. ok. alright .
my point is i said what i wanted to say and mema , i hope you heard every word .
that wa a little touch and go at first but i think we saved it .
i can not believe it wa you , either .
i actually think it take a lot of pressure off of me .
i have not found that to be the case .
can you believe it ?
he screwed up , not me .
there is going to be a free room ?
one in the same .
i am actually great with old woman .
in fact , for the longest time , my best friend wa my grandma ... and then she met harriet and now she think she is better than everybody .
ok. well ... hook you up , there .
is not he terrible ?
here is the thing .
umm ... mema , i think you just need to chill out about this whole pam getting pregnant thing .
it is not 1890 anymore .
it is modern day .
and woman have sex before marriage and i think we need to celebrate that .
and i know in your day she would be considered a who are but , now , woman go out and they have sex and they get wild and they take their top off and they have picture taken of them and we need to encouage them .
that is part of life .
they are going to name the baby after you , you know .
they are going to call it mema .
yes , and if it is a boy they will call it sylvio .
what are you wearing ?
look like you are going to a fish fry , dwight .
ok. that is not appropriate .
ok. ok. come on .
shut up about the farm .
it is not relatable .
nobody owns a farm .
toy story , finding nemo , up .
i ball the entire time .
i can not watch pixar .
oh , my god .
nice to meet you .
they are men , dwight .
something is wrong with you .
hey , have her come out !
have her come out !
it would be like coyote ugly .
it is after midnight .
you are not going to be able to talk back .
she will be sitting home saying , `` jim ... take the baby to the zoo because i want to sit at home and eat bon-bons . '' `` and ... and clip my toenail . '' now you sound like kermit .
why do not you take a picture .
it will last longer .
can not i get a little privacy ?
hey , good morning .
it is about damn time .
i have not gone to the bathroom in a day and a half .
oh my god , dwight .
this room is a pit .
how can you eat like that ?
yeah , I am hungry , but I am not going to make a pig out of myself .
she wa very hot .
she made love like a tiger .
she wa from europe .
you are not into her ?
are you kidding me ?
she is pam 's best friend .
you guy could double date .
no ... you are crazy .
do you know how hard it is to be a hygienist ?
you have to take x-ray .
you have to scrape the plaque off of people 's teeth .
you have to tell kid when to spit and make sure they are not scared when the dentist come in .
it- it- i already have my european girlfriend .
oh , here we go .
they asked for cash , but you know ... i give them cash every week , so- how much cash doe a person need ?
i have taken it upon myself to do something a little more special .
i have painted a portrait of the two of them from memory .
and i have another one of them in the nude .
but that one is for me .
hey , hey ... he is not sitting with me either .
where are you sitting ?
you need a seat buddy ?
oh , i wish i wa a bridesmaid .
where am i going to go ?
do you-would you have a snack in your purse ?
you are a mom .
i just figured you might have- oh !
do you have any of the very berry or ocean splash or- oh ... okay .
were you saving it ?
made of real ape .
my weekend wa bad so far .
i came here hoping to meet somebody .
you know , a you do at wedding .
end up going to sleep by the vending machine .
it wa loud , but it wa warm .
and ... and the love of my life is dating somebody else .
it is a terrible year for love .
I am thinking about having my sperm frozen .
use it in good health .
i have so much joy ... in my heart ... right now .
how do i look ?
hey pam , did you see this ?
it wa on you tube .
the fundamental of business .
the funda-mentals of business .
`` mental '' is part of the word , i have underlined it .
because you are mental , if you do not have a good time .
you have to enjoy it .
so , it all start with a handshake .
but you can not just go right to the selling , you need `` small talk . '' what topic can you use for small talk ?
yes , what else ?
meredith , come up here .
let u do a little something .
so meredith and i have just started conversing and i will say , `` so meredith , how wa your weekend , what did you do ? '' all right ... okay , okay .
what you people do not know about business , i could fill a book with .
the fundamental of business by michael scott .
over one billion sold .
more than the bible , I am not surprised .
the businessman ... oh hi .
I am sorry , just a sec .
erin , you are supposed to be the gatekeeper , do you have any idea how valuable my time is ?
do you know how creative space work ?
okay i just cancelled my afternoon .
push free play til tomorrow morning .
you are seeing how the sausage get made .
come in the conference room and i will show you a finished sausage .
there is nothing more insulting to a great salesman , than having to listen to a bad salesman .
it is like a great basketball player having to listen to a bad basketball player .
all that paper burning up .
mmhm , i hear you .
nothing , other than once again , i am just thankful that i am a paper salesman .
no dwight , not everything is a threat .
there is no such thing a monster .
wait , when did we start talking about the mob ?
the guy wa trying to sell me insurance .
i think , he just seemed like he wa just trying to sell me insurance .
he did talk about a fire in the warehouse ... and he also vaguely threatened me with testicular cancer .
hey , hey hey , calm down .
ryan , you lived in new york , what do you think ?
um it is , grotti .
okay too many different word coming at me from too many different sentence .
I am not going to lock my door .
he is following up .
`` i feel that you will regret missing this great opportunity to be in business . '' yeah .
what are my option here ?
do i just ignore it , or ?
okay , I am calling the police .
that is not going to happen .
what am i supposed to do here ?
i wa thinking exactly the same thing .
i do not know , i do not know about that .
hold on , hold on !
i will meet with him , but I am not going alone .
what are you wearing ?
let u go , come on .
take that thing off the table !
there he is , there he is .
mr. grotti we meet again .
these are my associate .
that is not true .
i will have the gabba-gool .
i do not , i do not have to have that .
guy , guys- that is okay .
i will have the spaghetti , with a side salad .
if the salad is on top , i send it back .
i do not think our company actually need any more insurance .
so i am out .
no , no no , no .
I am sorry , we are having our salad .
hey , do you need any help ?
he is a good mechanic .
i do not ... okay , okay okay .
yep , all right .
it is just the cost of a cup of coffee an hour .
i had to make a snap decision dwight .
it wa a lot of snap decision .
just get in the car .
it wa not easy .
i had to tell the hotel it wa a medical emergency .
i chose massive coronary , because you told me that your dad had a bad heart .
listen man , i , i got a problem , i think I am in trouble with the mob .
or a major insurance carrier .
yeah , i know and you usually can get out of stuff like this , so I am turning to you my friend .
wait , i did not hear a thing you just said .
i missed , i missed the important part again !
no , jim please , repeat what you are saying !
i can not understand you !
hey uh , question for you .
i recently purchased some insurance that i can not afford given my present salary .
is there anything accounting-wise i can do to sort of make it all go away ?
what about this cash for clunkers thing ?
well , it wa a thought .
he is just good .
nothing stick to him .
you still do not understand how this work .
but grotti act like he is mafia though .
if there is one thing i hate more than the mafia it is a liar .
i wish the mafia would go out and kill all the liar .
bury them in my yard .
and i would not tell the cop a thing .
not that i would be lying per se .
but i would just get really quiet , all of a sudden .
is that supposed to scare me ?
well you thought wrong .
because i am not pleased .
I am actually kind of po 'd .
i think you know exactly why , because you were trying to scare me into buying insurance .
i think you knew exactly what you were doing .
and frankly i think you were being a total and utter jerk .
and I am not going to buy your stupid insurance .
the only person that actually need insurance is you , if you show your face around here again , got it ?
what do you mean ?
i should be mad at you guy .
but I am not .
so i looked him in the eye and i said , `` not today grotti , not today .
and not tomorrow , and not the next day .
or the day after that .
and you can tell all your friend that if i see them , then they are already dead . '' i said something like that .
not from the kitchen .
if it is not stop and shop , i send it back .
if it is a medium i send it back .
if it is an extra large i send it back .
is there someone there ?
i hear voice , is somebody there ?
i can not see you because I am blind .
and oh , jim ... oh , i have not see you since my accident that i had when i fell- i fell into the pool of acid , eye first .
how do i describe it ?
it is a character I have been workshopping whose lack of vision get him into all sort of trouble .
the woman in my improve class absolutely hate him .
i have recently taken a lover .
pam 's mom , helene .
remember from your wedding ?
oh , big time .
she drive a green camry .
and the seat go all the way down .
all the way down .
okay , good , a pact .
although i may have to break it tonight when helene and i tell pam over dinner .
get the hell out of here , idiot .
i think you are underestimating pam .
i think more than anything , she want me to be happy .
okay , i have a good thing with the mom- she is right on my way home from work .
i di- alright , I will take surface street , its- the last thing in the world i would want to do is upset pam .
can you change my dinner reservation from four people to two ?
i feel like a real puerto rican .
yeah , no , it is nobody .
i do not deserve this , guy .
no , i do not .
i wa probably going to break up with her anyway .
pam , it is very complicated .
there are a lot of moving part here .
you want me to be happy ?
part of the problem is , she is the mother of a close friend of mine .
more than a friend , a co-worker .
that could have gone one of two way , but i never expected her to get upset .
I am sleeping with pam 's mom .
due to a certain recent incident , corporate ha asked all the branch to come up with idea a to how we can better communicate with our community .
that wa a hit job .
if you read the dunder mifflin press release it clearly state that they had absolutely nothing to do with that particular cancer cluster .
so if there is a lesson to be learned here and I am not sure that there is , it is that in order to help our community , we need to put other people 's need ahead of our own .
who want to help the world one step at a time ?
alright , that is ... alright ... okay , I am out of here , see you later guy ... ok , oh no here is an idea ... conservation ... anybody else ?
who else ha an idea ?
can you hold down the fort ?
what is it ... why are you cry ?
no , no , no , I will talk to her .
i will ... no ... nobody talk to my baby that way ... uh ah ... yeah , I will let you know how it go .
alright , by pickle .
pamela morgan beesly , you need to apologize to your mother right now .
for trying to find happiness in the arm of a lover ?
alright , in my defense ... shut up oscar .
hey , alright , you know what , clearly I am outnumbered here , but can i just say one thing , please ?
what is so wrong about me ?
I am caring , I am generous , I am sensual .
is it really so horrible that i could possibly go out and find happiness .
let u get back to the matter at hand .
no , no , no ... no , no ... i do not like the tone here ... this is a place of business , you are to listen to others , you are to give others respect , and you are to keep your personal issue out of it .
do not talk to me that way !
i am your bos and i may someday be your father , so get out .
i hope that you are willing to die in this office , because i am ... hey toby , could i talk to you for a minute ?
um , i just wanted to apologize for taking that tone with you earlier that wa ... uncalled for , I am sorry .
can i sit down for a second ?
this is going to sound weird , but i think i may be the victim of a hostile work environment with this whole pam situation .
she brought it into the work place so i feel like it ha to be dealt with here .
would you do that ?
you are a good , good guy .
no ... that is ... i do not ... um ... i can not hear your conversation .
yeah , yeah , yeah-okay ... you are a jackass .
hey , hey , you know what ?
you are just a stubborn a your mother , when you do not want to do something you just do not do it .
you were right jim , shoulda listened to you , should never have told her .
okay , do you want me to stop seeing your mom ?
is that how we are going to get past this ?
because , i will .
well , that is not going to happen !
because i assumed that you want me to be happy because i want you to be happy .
I am going to start dating her even harder .
you know what it mean .
i do not need to be friend with pam .
i have plenty of female friend .
my mom , pam 's mom , my aunt ... although she just blocked me on I am , what is her face from quiznos , i see her four time a week .
night pam , thanks again for the rum .
welcome child of the scranton industrial park community .
join your gangsta pumpkin on his palette truck of doom .
do not worry about a thing .
rest assured you will see me later .
bwah ha ha ... ... ha ha ha .
i am going to scare these kid so bad .
kid , just remember , suicide is never the answer .
why is christmas the only holiday that can have a message ?
it is the easy way out .
you are not alone .
... and then i think I am going to go to the garlic festival .
you guy would love it .
they have a tcby booth .
the same stuff you get downtown .
do you like tcby ?
i can not believe it is- i can not believe it is yogurt .
uh ... it will be fun you should give them a call .
jim 's a good kid .
he can handle a lot but sometimes you have to call in a master .
i , uh ... why would you date an amateur when you could date a professional ?
why do not they just want you to go by yourself ?
why do they want me to come , too ?
i do not understand .
i do not want you to feel like I am baby-sitting you , or something .
let me get your stroller .
what are you going to call him ?
what is his name ?
they are very formal .
yeah , well ... this is not the phone .
this is real life , baby , and you got to own it .
is that what you are wearing ?
... and that is the watch that you are going to wear ?
you should wear this watch .
i will loan it to you .
it is a tankard .
i highly recommend you wear that .
they are into style .
they are into appearance .
we are selling success .
that is sorta secondary .
uh , well , jim and i got caught in a little flash rain , flash wind , flash lightning .
and then in an instant it wa not .
ok. put them on speaker .
hey guy , what is going on ?
uh ... i can not really hear you .
i think we have sort of a bad connection .
it was- ok. this is what it wa .
it wa these bunch of idiot who had put a fish tank in the ground with no cover and no railing .
maybe i wa trying to save a child that had fallen in .
no it is- do not !
I am not going to bump .
I am not going to bump .
and it wa not hilarious .
it wa very , very terrifying .
erin , do we have any of those clip that hold paper together ?
what did he say ?
ok. thank you , stanley .
i can name pixar movie , too .
i know what a flounder is .
I am not usually the butt of the joke .
I am usually the face of the joke .
i wish jim had fallen into that pond and he would have to put on my suit and it would be too short and he would look ... damn it !
he would still look good .
the most fundamental thing about sensitivity training is that you can not make fun of a person for something or some action that they have done that they regret .
show of hands- who ha been 'koi-ponded ' ?
who here is been the butt of a joke that ha gone too far ?
uh ... you never said anything .
well , it is hard to tell the difference between you guy saying , 'stop because i want you to stop ' or stop a in 'stop .
you are making me laugh so hard .
what you are doing is so funny .
you are on a roll .
i am busting a gut .
stop ! ' we are going to make a 'do not mock ' list .
anything that we think might be out of bound , we put on this list .
anything you put on this list you can not be teased about .
I am going to kick it off .
let u see what i have to put on the list , right ?
ok. i also have fallen into the fountain at the steamtown mall .
dwight , come on .
i have not finished writing .
did you sneeze it off ?
everybody 's getting their chance .
ok. that is to broad .
it is got to be something else .
how 'bout your stomach ?
come on up here .
and do not sign your name to it .
ok. it is a fish .
it could have died of natural cause .
so ... do not mock , oscar .
how much do they want ?
i could get a fish for a 5 cent worm .
we are not done here .
this- no , jim .
you do not understand .
thing like this do not just die .
kid in high school still call me 'ponytail ' .
yes , they do , jim .
because of the time i got my ponytail stuck in the power trail .
i want to make fun of you right now .
do not do that .
you are not stupid .
oh , my god .
i- i just want to say that i can not believe that i walked into a koi pond .
i mean , seriously .
i should wear a snorkel to the next business meeting that i go to .
well , you know what ?
you are right , phyllis , but I have been there before .
I have seen that pond .
this is the thing , i am a world class moron .
that is the problem .
it is ok. we are having fun .
it is not actually the first time I have been embarrassed by a pond .
in high school , the girl volleyball team always used to hrow me into the frozen lake .
four year in a row .
oh ... it wa freezing .
oh , this is even worse .
couple week ago i went to get a new cellphone and i wanted on of those package where you have , you know , the friends- the five- the friend and family thing and the guy wa like , 'who are your 5 friend ? ' and I am , like , 'uh ... ' i did not even know i could not even think .
oh , my god .
it wa so embarrassing .
i do not even have jan 's cell phone number and i hate her !
she will not give it to me .
i wa like , 'oh , i guess I am a loser .
' a luh-whooooo a za her ' .
thanks a lot , man .
thanks for the advice .
who want to watch michael 's pond dive ?
my roommate 's friend is the night janitor over there .
he swiped the security tape for me and he is bringing it over .
is this the tape of me falling ?
it is ok. watch it .
he can not fire all of you .
i can handle it .
i am a grown-up , jim .
i do not think you froze .
jim is jealous of me ?
jim is jealous of me .
oscar 's a douche .
he is a- yeah , he is alright .
ok. you are welcome .
i had a fish stick sandwich .
actually i had two fish stick sandwich .
my girlfriend did not want hers .
because i guess I am the only aphrodisiac she need .
well , yeah ... it worked .
i do not mind if i do .
I am taking one for my lady friend .
thank you very much .
birthday lunch- there is no better medicine than birthday lunch .
it will cure all of your `` gee i do not know if michael should be dating my mother '' and fix all occurrence of `` i do not really see them together '' .
so , open wide pam and take a big old spoonful of birthday lunch medicine .
yeah- i think everyone ha meet helene .
no , that would not be- yeah .
the rest of the story ha been censored due to- inappropriosity .
hey- please , kevin .
work with a bunch of idiot .
just want you to succeed pammy .
you know what , we should not even be talking about business today .
today is about family .
what table should we take ?
so many to choose from .
all i see are boring old table with no birthday decoration .
oh , wait a second !
you mean this one ?
not about taking credit .
let u just say we all did it .
well , it wa actually me alone , so- wow look at this place .
really make me want to go to italy some day .
thanks for lending me the book .
you are 54 year old .
you are 58 year old ?
the only time you should care about a woman 's age is if she is too young for you and i am not robbing the cradle .
if anything i am robbing the grave .
that- hey , would you guy ever do a triathlon , do you think ?
I am definitely going to do it .
I have already got the run and the bike thing down .
just need to learn how to swim .
come on , you in ?
so it is a matter of interest .
it is not anything you would have ever done .
well there is no jumping in a triathlon .
you are thinking of the broad jump .
would you try- bungee jumping ?
just life- and doing things- before you die .
i do not know .
do i really want to go snowboarding ?
but i would like to if i wanted to .
so we should get the check ?
oh , no , no , no .
you would hate it .
i literally- i put no thought into the wrapping at all .
might a well of been toilet paper .
that is just an arbitrary title .
it is not amazing ... at all .
it is sort of weird that i went and did that .
and now your wish will not come true , so that blow .
oh that i plagiarized i think .
well , that is because you and i have very different taste and you like lame thing .
it is a generational- sort of gap between u .
that wa a bunt .
oh , just went to the bathroom .
honestly , for a long time i thought i wa going to grow old with holly .
and then i met helene .
and she is great and she already know and ha done everything that i have ever wanted to do and can tell me about it .
but , i think i want to do those thing myself .
finish your cake , helene .
i want you to enjoy that cake because i have something terrible i need to tell you .
i want you to enjoy your cake before i tell you this terrible , terrible thing .
helene i think you are a wonderful person and i- god- I have enjoyed dating you and being your boyfriend so much .
but i have to consider pam 's feeling a a friend and a co-worker i can not in good conscience continue to date you , when i know what this is doing to her .
no it is not .
that just- you have really grown .
and i hope you are a gracious during this next part .
helene , once again you are a wonderful person and you have lived a great life and i envy it .
and i want it someday , but just in the future .
you need somebody who- who understands your reference .
I have never- i do not know him .
there is another woman .
and her name is italy ... and skydiving ... and bungee jumping .
and i want kid .
and you ... unfortunately , have already completed that part of your journey down there .
it is not my decision .
it is mother nature .
and mother ha very strict rule about fer- -- tility .
well , hobbies- pamela beesly halpert- may i have a word with you in my office please ?
well , this is a work related matter .
join me please , will not you ?
i am going to give you a raise .
because of all the good work you have done .
that is- no , no- it is not about number , pam .
it is about attitude .
do you want the raise or what ?
hey , pam , pam- with this raise there are string attached .
and the string is attached from my heart to your mean attitude .
no- no i am not .
unless you want me to .
do you want me to ?
i will bribe you .
your face is saying do not- unless i have not offered you enough ... your face is not changing .
talk to me face .
tell me what pam 's brain is thinking .
what do you want ?
what do you want ?
do you want a million dollar ?
do you want to hit me ?
want me to get down on one knee and beg you or- what ?
oh- okay , what ?
i do not- are you kidding ?
I will take off my jacket and tense my stomach and you can just- okay .
a little- what are you talking- what punch ?
I am pretty sure we said slap .
i- mmm- I am good .
do you and pam ever get frisky ?
i mean- do you ever wrestle with each other ?
can you stop this ?
i do not either .
you got to do something- how much time do you think you will need ?
come on , man !
am i scared of getting hit in the face ?
everyday weirdo 's pay dominatrix 's hundred of dollar for that very privilege .
I am scared I am going to love it .
let u do this .
it is okay guy ... i can handle this .
everybody can go home .
you are just a bunch of voyeur .
are you eating popcorn ?
pam , pam- I am really sorry .
i do not know .
it is hard to choose .
for the record your mom came on to me .
i do not know .
a i watched pam 's big , strong hand coming towards my face i saw my entire life flash before my eye .
i have four kid .
and i have a hover-car and a hover-house .
and my wife is a runner and it show .
and pam and jim are my best friend and our kid play together .
and i am happy and i am rich and i never die .
it doe not sound like much , but it enough for me .
ahh ... oh thank you .
i owe you one dwight .
what are you talking about- forget that .
oh that feel better .
but i would say my favorite art form is a tie between sculpting and stand up comedy .
that sound like it wa hilarious .
you will have to be more specific dwight , i get like eight email a day .
woo hoo , shout out !
erin , do we have the journal ?
oh , the wall .
it is $ 1.99 to finish the article .
i wonder what it wa going to say ?
no , no , that doe not make any sense .
oh , that sound awful .
well , that is an interesting theory .
ah , well maybe you should spy on him .
oh my god , would not that be hilarious !
ok , ok. good .
I will catch you on the flippity flip .
he is busy , he will call me back when he is free .
no , I am just poopin ' .
you know how i be .
ok , we need some sort of distraction for everybody .
anything new on youtube ?
doe not even need to be good .
oh god , i can not think , need more mullins .
monkey see , monkey do .
monkey pee all over you .
we have a monthly staff meeting what ?
there ha been a murder .
there is been a murder in savannah .
game have the power to distract people from stressful situation .
battleship got me through my parent ' divorce .
operation got me through my vasectomy , i.e. , my operation .
i do not think i would have been able to endure my breakup with holly had it not been for toss across .
it is so much fun .
everybody play a character , we go around the room , we try to figure out who did it ... this is my call jim , big picture stuff , it is about murder .
tube city , you owe me one .
there will be food .
you leave , you do not get food .
ok , here are your character card .
take one , pas it down .
here is your prop box , some of your character will have prop .
now , on your character card , it tell you who you are , and what your alibi is .
everything else is up to your imagination .
so , if you talk slowly in real life , your character could , say , have been kicked in the head by a horse .
ok , use your imagination .
it is not scary .
well how do you think i feel ?
i mean i have to play caleb crawdad , handsome playboy .
every night , a different woman .
having to hug and kiss and spoon , i make them feel beautiful .
well , well , well .
what is this contraption , i do declare ?
I am caleb crawdad , i do declare .
that is the way southern people talk .
delta burke , i do declare .
now , shall we get to the mystery ?
no , no , no .
do not turn this into a political thing .
oooooo , doggie , we got a party now !
i do believe that the game is a big hit .
people are really diving into their character .
sir , there ha been a murder , and you are a suspect .
very good , very good .
now , no one wa there in the wine cellar .
what is this strange yankee accent coming out of your mouth , son ?
this here is savannah .
no no no no no no no .
I am going to skip forward to a relevant clue .
are you going to believe that ?
that is a mis- that is a misdirection .
we still do not know who the murderer is .
nellie nutmeg , come back in here .
i can not do this myself .
voodoo mama juju ... what am i going to do ?
i do believe you have me mistaken , my name is caleb crawdad .
you all skedaddled way too soon .
we need to reopen this case .
no it are not .
i already declared you , it wa too dark to tell .
this is not a game , this is my life .
you are out of order , sir .
you are out of order .
you are- deb , what in the world - do you have the vapor ?
can not wait , we have to get you to our witch doctor right now .
to mama juju boo boo .
because this is the recreation of a crime scene .
no michael here , my name is- no , you shut up .
they need this game , jim .
let u have this stupid little game , alright ?
oh , you startled me .
my star , my heart nearly leapt out of my chest .
what can i do you for ?
aw , shuck , tell him I am not here .
no , i only answer to detective wallace because i got a warm body in the other room .
a murder , you say ?
there ha been a lot of murder and a lot of intrigue .
my little heart can barely take it no more .
today is the hardest i have worked in a long , long time .
on the count of three we are all going to put down our gun .
we will put down our weaponry on the count of three , you ready ?
one , two , three .. ok. ok. how 'bout this ?
i want it to be better than 'great ' , pam .
how 'bout i remain seated ... and i just do a little bit of a nod .
sort of a humble thing .
then my face is down .
they can not see my face .
alan brand is the ceo of the company , if title 's important to you , ha personally invited moi to go to new york to the shareholder 's meeting and sit up on the stage with the board of director .
and at some point they are going to introduce me a the most successful branch manager that they have .
and then michael scott turn and wave to the crowd ... and the crowd go wild .
ok. obviously I am not going to do the twirl .
i only did it because i nailed the wave .
i am not going to do the twirl .
it is not even a twirl , it is a spin .
i might do the spin .
ok , oscar , i do not need the whole enchilada just the bullet point .
well , could you condense it please ?
it is not a limo .
it is a town car .
town car are actually better , though .
they sent a limo .
town car is something that a company sends when they are in trouble .
a limousine is something that a company sends when they have because for celebration .
and in this case i think we are celebrating me .
oh , no way .
hate to break it to you oscar but some of u like boob .
hey , you know who you should be jealous of ?
because you are invited and you are invited and you are invited and you and you and you and you and you and you- what ?
the limo seat eight .
ok. then jim and pam and ryan plus a guest .
i wish the window were not tinted so people could see u in here .
look they got pillow .
that is bigger than my bed .
who is playing with the button ?
i will have to answer .
that is too hard .
say your name is zamboni and then i will say , 'well , we are sort of on thin ice . ' i will not say that .
I will something like that .
oh , my god .
well , thank you and , and please call - continue to call me mr. scott .
well , i guess this is a far a i can take you guy .
so - see you later .
very , very sublime .
it is nice to meet you , too .
it is an honor and a privilege .
you guy ever protect the president ?
this is not a much fun a i thought it would be .
we are going bankrupt , you think ?
they are really angry .
hey , hey , hey .
these are not criminal .
they invited me to come here today .
they invited me to their hospitality suite where i had free food and it wa delicious .
know how nice they are ?
the sent a stretch limo all the way to pick me up in scranton .
that is - yes .
yeah , well , that is not going to happen .
that is not going to happen .
we will be back with some answer .
i - ok. i know that you are mad at me and you are mad at all them - ok. alright .
we are going to - we are going to go out there during this break and we are going to come back with a plan .
we are going to come back with a plan for you .
it is a 45 day plan .
45 day to get u back on track .
it is a 45 day/45 point .
one point per day .
we get the 45 point we are back in business .
and you can take that to the bank .
and limo lady , we are going completely carbon neutral .
i love you , new york !
thing are really picking up .
i did a lot more than wave .
we tell them the plan , right ?
here is what we are going to do .
the 45 day thing that i outlined , we go with that .
day 45 , company saved .
day 44 , go .
what do we got ?
we have 15 minute .
just whatever come to mind .
i am the guy who roused that crowd .
got them on their foot .
they were so happy down there .
well , i know a guy .
he is a math whiz .
he know economics a well a he know bull fighting and i am going to call in a little favor .
well , I am texting him , so .
gentleman , i would like you to meet oscar .
do not be shy .
this is oscar martinez .
oscar , why do not you come over here .
let me present you .
oscar is an accountant extraordinaire at the scranton branch and he ha a wonderful idea a to how to get u out of this murky , murky situation .
tell them what you told me .
tell them about the cash flow and the dumping of property and - this is all - it is all good .
it is all good stuff .
lay it on them .
that wa not what you were saying to me .
he wa much more articulate and that wa better .
oh ... hey , hey .
what are you doing ?
that - that wa embarrassing .
for me , too .
well , that wa a waste of a text .
let u get down to brass tack .
i think that we might be in trouble .
we do not seem to have a plan so I am thinking i go down there .
maybe rattle off a few joke .
uh , I am not a moron .
time after time my branch lead in sale .
i have personally won over 17 dundie award .
so , i am not a moron and i am just trying to help , you know ?
so ... you are the moron .
yes it is a thrill to be honored by one 's company .
to have the people that you work for stop for a minute and say , 'wow .
great job . ' that is what it is all about .
i could take or leave the perk .
limo are for people who make the company money not lose million and have no plan .
so we are leaving early .
after all , we are the only one with anything to celebrate .
yeah , have a seat .
okay , right there is the problem .
there have been report around the office that you have been talking baby talk .
i have it on good authority that you said the following .
can you read that back to me ?
you are also on record a saying `` wittle-ittle , '' `` footy-wutties , '' `` nummies , '' `` jammies , '' `` make boom-boom , '' `` widiculous , '' and `` wode iwand . '' you can not be a baby in the office .
it make me look like i hire baby .
okay , who said that ?
well , thank you ... thank you a lot .
and for what it is worth i think your baby voice is top .
you are welcome , baby .
i want to keep those so i can see what i sent .
i do not know how those got on there ... must be hacker .
what if i told you i had done the worst thing ever , would you still want to be my friend ?
is that what we are going for now ?
`` okay ? '' we used to go for `` pretty good . '' yeah , you know what , that actually might make me feel better .
I am not in this for the trophy , but ... well , technically , I am a co-manager , and i barely have any responsibility , but i work hard , i love this company , and for those reason , i think i would make a good employee of the month .
it would look good , on my mantle .
i do not think we have finished with my inbox .
call the school , cancel .
i can not go through with this .
i just , i fell in love with those kid .
and i did not want to see them fall victim to the system , so i made them a promise .
i told them that if they graduated from high school , i would pay for their college education .
I have made some empty promise in my life , but hand down , that wa the most generous .
just tell me it is going to be okay , all right ?
I am not a bad person , i bring good news .
like when i promised those kid I would pay for college .
okay , all right .
would you come with me ?
you know , like old time , instead of ... agh , god , you know what , could this day get any worse ?
hey , mikela lasker , how are you ?
good to see you .
where is your saxaphone ?
eigth grade graduation , she gave a rendition of when the saint go marching in that would blow your freaking mind .
well , you did not even hear it .
no , not at all .
nope , come on .
oh , you know what ?
i should not go in there .
I am pretty busy , i should just ... oh .
um , i am never going to forget today .
i do not think i could ever give back to you what you have given me today .
who here ha done something stupid in their life ?
like skipped out on study hall or mix up the difference between `` a '' gym and `` b '' gym , that sort of thing ?
show of hand , anybody , yes , a bunch of you , okay .
well , me too , I have done something stupid which i would like to share .
i came here today because i promised you tuition and tuition is very valuable .
but you know what is invaluable is intuition .
you know what that is ?
that is the ability to know when something is about to happen .
doe anybody out there have intuition ?
know what is going to happen next ?
okay , you are going to make me say it .
all right , i am so proud of all of you .
derrick , and lefevre , and ben , and ayana , and mikela , and nikki and jason , and ... I am sorry , okay , sorry spacing , your name ?
well zion , i am not going to be paying for your college tuition .
which brings me to my main point and that is that i will not be able to pay for anybody 's tuition .
I am so , so sorry .
I am so sorry .
i lied to myself too .
I am not a millionaire .
i thought i would be by the time i wa 30 , but i wa not even close .
and then i thought maybe by the time i wa 40 , but by 40 , i had le money than when i wa 30. maybe by my 50 , i do not know .
i wanted to pay for your education .
it wa my dream .
some people have evil drems , some people have selfish dream or wet dream .
my dream wa in the right place .
okay , hold on .
now i can not pay for your college .
but you do not have to go to class to be in class .
online course are a viable option to a traditional college experience .
and the best way to access those course is with your own personal laptop .
which is rendered useless without battery , and i have one for each of you .
hey , hold-hold on , hold on , hold on , hold on .
erin , can you give u a second ?
i know , i know , i know , I am sorry .
what can i do ?
i can give you an extra laptop battery .
not everyone took one .
if you can find a way to pay for your college tuition , let me buy your book , okay ?
yeah , well , i owe you that at least , right ?
that is over $ 200 a year .
for-okay , okay here is what I am going to do .
I am going to write 4 check for $ 1,000 each .
I am going to date them one year apart .
now , you are to use one check a year .
and please call me before you cash the check ?
because I have got monies to move around .
that is a lot of zero .
i destroyed 15 young life today .
you are what , like , 12 ?
i think you are doing a great job .
what do you want from this job , provided the company doe not go out of business ?
you know , when i hired kevin , he wa actually applying for a job in the warehouse .
i just sort 've had a feeling about him .
i have a feeling about you too .
hey little girl , what would you like for christmas ?
ooh , you have been a very naughty girl , i see .
what the hell is going on ?
a woman santa , where doe it stop ?
jim , this may be the last christmas that we have here , doe not it make you a tiny bit anxious , me not playing santa ?
then do it anonymously .
you can- i -you know what , i have a bunch of letter cut out of magazine in my desk .
you can use those .
if this were russia , yeah sure .
everyone would go to one santa , and there would be a line around the block and once you sat on her lap and she would ask you what you wanted , you would say probably `` freedom . '' at which point the kgb would arrest you and send you to siberia .
it is a good thing russia doe not exist anymore .
why pay more to sit next to old tranny claus over there , when you can sit on my lap .
phyllis is only ... pretending to be a man , I am the real thing .
sit down on my lap and there will be no doubt !
no it is not , not like penis-wise .
hello little boy , what is your name ?
i am so sorry that phyllis hate you .
and hate your body .
but , santa remembers a reindeer that wa just a tiny bit different a well .
come on over here , big boy !
what would you like for christmas little boy ?
what did you think wa going to happen ?
all right , just say `` some toy '' please .
damn it kevin , come on .
okay get off , get off !
okay you know what you get ?
you get a thousand helium balloon attached to you so santa doe not have to go through this again .
come on , come on .
ahhh ... ho ho ho !
come on i need this .
ryan and i are just having some fun !
you know what jim , there are two santa in the room .
do you understand , you forced my hand ?
oh , do we ?
do `` we ? '' is that what `` we '' want ?
why do not `` we '' take a vote on it ?
the office is being pulled apart !
there are tradition at stake .
and there are- no no no wait !
there are other choice , there is information that we - are you kidding me ?
after you almost killed me ?
I will get some punch .
i do not ask for much for christmas , i really do not .
it is not like I am begging people to buy me diamond and ... broach pendant .
`` oh buy me something expensive or I am going to kill myself . '' that is not - i do not care about that .
all i want to be is santa .
and , you want to take that away from me ?
but when you need my help because i am ruining everything , do not look at me .
and i bring to you glad christmas tidings .
i want to remind everyone the true meaning of christmas .
those of you who wish to join me , that is great .
I am excited by that .
and those of you who do not , i forgive you .
but i never forget .
oh but i can push drug in here ?
is that what you are saying ?
well you have to pick one or the other .
get back to me .
in the meantime , i am going to spread my goodness all over this company !
uh oh , what is dwight going to get ?
it is space garbage .
dwight 's going to be able to build himself a friend !
deck the hall with crappy gift ... yeah , except for cheating on your wife .
adultery 's a sin , look it up in the bible people .
what did you get ?
oh , that is appropriate .
lot of fire where you are going .
better get used to it .
you are going to h-e-l-l double hockey stick .
you are going to hell stanley .
i can not see from here people .
somebody shout it out , do not make me get up .
you can make another dress that go past your foot .
wa i not supposed to say it ?
turn it back on .
david , guess who I am sitting here dressed a .
I will give you a hint .
his last name is christ .
he ha the power of flight .
he can heal leopard .
I am jesus , david , and you know why ?
because phyllis , a woman , ha uslurped my role a santa .
what is going on ?
doe she do that all the time ?
get off the phone !
what doe that mean ?
well , can not alan protect you ?
earlier today this office needed a santa .
and then it needed a second santa .
and then it needed a jesus .
and now , it need a michael .
and that is one suit phyllis can not fit into .
how is everybody doing ?
that wa a different guy .
jesus sort of ruined the party .
you know what is even more offensive , is baling on this party because some ... jerk ruined the first part of it .
here is my debit card , i want you to go pick up a bunch of pizza and meet me in the conference room .
i do not want to say .
but , `` it is fun to stay at the - '' `` it is fun to stay at the - '' mmm , mm mm mm .
you know what , christmas is not about santa , or jesus .
it is about the workplace .
all of you feel like my family .
ryan , you are my son .
and pam , you are my wife .
and angela and phyllis , you are my grandma .
and stanley , you are our mailman .
and i can not help but look at all your wonderful beautiful face and think , `` how could they do this to u ? '' it is not ... nevermind .
i did not say anything !
we are going out of business !
david told me on the phone .
he said , we have been sold .
we are all gone .
it is hard for me to imagine a scenario , where meredith palmer keep her job and david wallace doe not - no offense meredith .
I will call him .
I will call david .
yes , i will .
because i always know how to get through to him .
he told me where his kid go to school .
i call the school , i tell them I am a pediatrician .
they patch me through to his secretary .
i use my little girl voice .
badda bing , badda boom .
it is not sweetie , it is michael scott .
stephanie could you hop off please ?
david , you are on speakerphone with the entire branch , and the warehouse .
david , they do not believe me .
when you told me everyone wa canned .
well i think we are past that now .
we are not fired ?
it is a christmas miracle !
well , maybe those will help .
I would like to make a wish .
i would like an xbox , and a tv that is compatible with an xbox .
and , I am sorry .
get a room santa !
dunder mifflin is about to be sold .
but first an investment banker ha to drop by and sign off on our branch .
and ... I am ... pretty nervous about it .
and ... I am ... making some cosmetic tweak to help create a more appealing environment .
well , think of it this way : when you look in the mirror and you see your push-up bra and your fake eyelash and your make-up and your press-on nail ; the principle that i am applying to the office are the same one that have made lady gaga a star ... or any number of drag queen .
i see you have met computron , our virtual helper .
I am michael scott .
computron is just one of the many modern device that i have incorporated into the office .
what is the world 's largest ocean ?
pretty cool , huh ?
it is good , but it is not good enough .
and here is pam .
she is our international sale consultant .
ok. well , i thought I would show you around a little bit - - since you made the trip out .
and i got u reservation at cooper 's seafood .
you have had lobster before , right ?
they make the best maine lobster in the world .
you will love it .
no , computron , actually i think cooper 's is the best .
you are going to love it .
oh , my god .
if you will - - follow me this way .
I will introduce you to the crack hr rep that you requested .
i give you toby flenderson .
have fun , you two .
i left a copy of best american mystery story 1999 in toby 's favorite stall .
so , yes , i think i bought u some time .
What are you doing ?
What are you guy talkin ' about ?
right up my alley .
what kind of stuff is that ?
talkin ' bout , uh , what ?
what doe that even mean ?
oh , time and resource .
respectfully , toby , no .
this company doe not waste time or resource , ever .
this is a building where friend become lover and lover become sexually interactive .
would you agree with that ?
that is , that is true .
i feel very sorry for that banker because he ha to evaluate what we are worth .
he ha to decide what we are capable of and how do you do that ?
what is jim capable of ... or pam ... or kevin ?
i do not care if he go and file a report and say that we are nothing special because i think our future is very bright .
we have only just begun .
computron , I am going to pull your plug .
just - sh - shut - shut up .
sittin ' in my office with a plate of grilled bacon .
called my man , dwight , just to see what wa shakin ' .
so check out how we live they call it scranton !
lazy scranton , the electric city .
they call it that because of the electricity .
the city 's laid out from east to west and our public park are library are truly the best .
call poison control if you are bitten by a spider .
plenty of space in the parking lot .
we like cugino 's they call it scranton !
i got a big box , yes i do .
i got a big box how 'bout you ?
it is from `` sob-ray '' , our new owner , and it is to sabre , u .
i wonder what is inside .
dunder mifflin wa recently bought by an electronics company named sabre .
they stepped in at the 11th hour , and they saved our ass .
although david wallace said that we were the one branch that wa actually working right , so we probably could have saved our own ass .
we did not need them touching our ass .
for accounting , a brand new printer .
and for the sale staff , a new fax machine .
this cord ha creed written all over it .
and whoever would like a brand new scanner can come visit it in my office .
okay , everybody , listen up .
i have some bad news .
due to circumstance beyond my control - hey , hey .
i have opened a box , which should not have been opened ... and distributed thing which should not have been distributed .
this group of people , when they put their mind together , they can do something great .
and i think that you should all be proud of yourselves .
we can do it .
we just did it .
so we can do this again .
erin , scissor me please .
ok. alright , he is on his way up .
why do i have to explain everything ?
hope we get along .
had a very good thing going with david wallace .
he wa a good guy .
he wa somebody i could trust .
you can really see that he is ok taking a picture with me .
even though i wa there for disciplinary reason .
you know what , dwight ?
let u give him a minute to settle in , shall we ?
i am michael scott , co-manager .
this is my protege , jim halpert .
we are very excited too , are not we guy ?
we have a little song prepared for you .
take it away guy .
do not like that .
do not like that .
we will still get to use the little cup , though , right ?
i do not know what they are made of .
you know what can not fit in a bottle , are the 20 little trip i take to the cooler , and the 20 little scan i do of everybody to make sure everything 's running smoothly .
and the 20 little conversation that i have with stanley .
there is a small part of me that is actually very excited about this new company .
but 70 percent of me is water , and the other part , the real part , the part that ha feeling and emotion and thought and make decision and , if i can be crass , make baby , that part think that all of these change suck ba - really ?
you do not have enough water in there ?
i miss the old dunder mifflin .
too much change is not a good thing .
i do not want to appear ungrateful for everything sabre 's doing for u .
well , you should have a little .
but it is great that you do not , because i am trying to embrace all of these change , but I am - I will be honest , I am having trouble wrapping my head around a couple of them .
so maybe we should call .
we should call someone .
I am good with boss .
call one of the higher-up ?
my name 's michael scott .
nice to meet you .
we are very excited about the merger with sabre .
i think you have a great accent .
well , i am little concerned with all of these change , to be quite frank .
i think we have done thing a certain way here at dunder mifflin for quite some time , and - ok. i feel very strongly that you can not just come in here and change everything that people have been doing forever .
is christian slater back there ?
because ... he know .
he would know what to do .
i have already told him , but i will tell him again if you think that will help .
i have come here today to talk to mr. david wallace about this whole thing going on with sabre .
he will know exactly what to do .
he is not a big fan of me dropping by announced .
but then again , who is ?
i hope you are not busy doing something .
you look great too .
oh , yeah , that sound good .
you have got the life , my friend .
can i just stay here and never go back ?
how much time do you have ?
sorry , i wa just in the neighborhood , thought I would come by , see ... i do not know .
sabre is changing everything .
they do not let u use cup .
so i started thinking , who could handle this ?
who would know what to do ?
david wallace would know what to do .
what should i do , david wallace ?
what are you thinking ?
it is a tough one .
but one would be good .
so the kid 's making the noise to pick it up .
no , i think it is- yep .
there are very few thing that would make me not want to team up with david wallace .
and suck it is one of them .
thanks for having me .
well , that is not the david wallace that i remember .
that is some sort of weird creature that life in david wallace 's house .
oh , my god .
just get me out of here .
oh , thank you , erin .
now if everyone would please ready their canteen , so i can fill them with the sweet , sweet nectar of gabe 's homeland , and then propose a toast .
you know when people say getting fired wa the best thing that ever happened to them ?
i feel sorry for those people .
that is the best thing ?
well , I am not really one for making speech .
but i feel pretty good right now .
a lot better than i did earlier .
let me tell you .
this is my toast .
i think this whole thing with sabre is going to work out .
i have a very good feeling about it .
here is my toast .
orange juice is in here .
and , like saber , it is from florida , and it is good .
here is the toast .
I am going to do it now .
raise your container to u and to sabre .
that is like drinking a battery .
ah , really get you in the filling , doe not it ?
okay , anyway , welcome .
hello vancouver , this is michael scott calling from the united state of america !
i have a reservation in your fair city from february 12th to the 19th , first week of the olympics .
we are trying to look it up right now .
um , come on .
well , i have been booked for three year , so you should have that .
I have always heard that british columbia is a very nice place , but i am not getting that from this conversation .
alright , i would like to cancel my reservation , please .
okay , put it on my card .
today , jo bennett , the ceo from sabre , is coming to see u here for the first time .
she bought u sight unseen , like a mail-order bride , so she is got to be kind of nervous .
i mean , are we ugly ?
are we too cool ?
do we speak english ?
pleasure to meet you , miss bennett .
jo , i do not know how thing work in florida , which from your description sound like a colorful , lawless swamp , but here it take two men to do one job , where in florida it might take one very strong woman to do such a job .
and sometimes i can hardly handle that !
forget the question ... i humbly accept the management position .
because , well , jim .
where I am from , two type of folk : those who are not , and those who are knee-high on a grasshopper .
which type are not you are not ?
ya 'll come back now .
no , we know .
i could manage my way around that .
i will try to manage my excitement !
i have been saying the word `` manager '' a lot , so whenever jo think `` manager '' she think of me .
camel cigarette did the same thing with joe camel by making him look like a penis .
i can not even go near a cigarette now without thinking of a penis .
you here to tell me that you think i would be a better manager and that you are sorry for being such a jerk ?
la la la , hello oscar !
what are you reading ?
oh , that is my favorite ocean !
i am so happy right now .
i can not keep it a secret any longer .
jim is stepping down to salesman , i am going to be the sole manager once again .
why , is there an untapped gay market ?
... where did you get that information .
well , according to the manual , there is no cap on commission .
i have been hustled .
son of a bitch .
aw , that is so sweet of you !
but , i can not accept , because i have been thinking about it , and i think i want to go back to sale .
you can take the man out of the salesman , but you can not take the sale out of salesman .
no , i think i would be bad .
i would sleep in my office , and i would sexually harass people .
I am turning myself in right now !
have fun signing my commission check , bos .
how is that possible ?
no excuse erin , come on !
i have to make some sale anyway .
who should i call with my magic sale finger ?
michael scott , head of sale .
it will be a pleasure doing business with you .
i just got a new account for the gentleman 's club in carbondale .
it is called `` curve . '' i went by there the other day , saw some of the woman walking in .
not really my cup of tea .
actually , kevin , you might like it !
it is part of the sale experience .
well , okay ... what is that smell ?
do you smell that ?
like a sulfur deposit under here ?
no , I am serious , we do not have to put up ... is it the dog ?
you know what , we do not have to deal with this .
i am going to google sulfur map .
no , this is geological .
are you kidding me ?
and you guy are okay with this ?
you know , it is funny .
i used to stand in here and wish i wa out there .
now I am out there , and i wish i wa in here .
except there is no grass out there .
it is just a farty dirt patch .
i really need my job back .
we made a terrible mistake here .
we make a poster that say `` happy opposite day ! '' and she see it on the way out ... nah , that is stupid .
i wish we had one of those amnesia flashlight from men in black .
what I am saying ... and weirdly I am a good dog person , right guy ?
oh , it smell good in here .
erin , what about my keyboard ?
aw , so good to be home .
how about a little bosa nova ?
oh , oh , oh !
okay , you know what ?
i think i should drive you guy to the hospital , and here is why .
i am a licensed , classy driver in the state of pennsylvania .
i gassed up the car ... actually , i put diesel in this time , trying to save some money .
happy to do it .
also , i did a heck of a job baby-proofing this office .
well , the baby wa conceived here , so might a well live here a little bit , too .
i do not want to know .
shut up , nick .
what a weird thing to say .
do not get revenge on me , nerd .
no , no , no , no , no .
you can not tell u what to do because you are not co-manager anymore .
that mean conference room , five minute !
no , no , five second !
right now , right now !
um , i am sort of a master of distraction .
when i wa a kid , my mom received compliment left and right from my teacher on how i wa always able to distract others in class .
try to think , what were the first thirteen colony ?
the purpose for this meeting is to take pam 's mind off of what is going on inside of her body .
i will allow that .
doe anybody have anything ?
anything interesting , any hobby , uh , special skill ?
nope , nope , i do not think anybody want to see that .
do you need some music , or ... ?
we have every six minute , lady and gentleman .
another seventy five contraction and you are going to be there .
yeah , happy time .
let u have happy time .
jim , a a matter of fact , i have printed out ten way to induce labor .
and I am thinking we just do the opposite of those thing and we can slow down your labor .
erin , read the first one .
okay , nobody touch pam 's nipple .
think of pam 's nipple a toby 's grundle .
okay , yeah , why do not you go get it ?
okay , the opposite of that ?
ooh , someone is freakin ' .
i think he is .
okay , alright , okay , it is time .
time to go to the hospital .
somebody get jim , please !
is it midnight yet ?
4:35. alright , almost made it .
too bad you did not have sex like seven and a half hour later .
but you had to have the afternoon delight .
sometimes you have to go for it .
let u go to the hospital , shall we ?
we can do ... oh .
you want to eat cat food with kevin and not go to the hospital ?
what is october feast ?
okay , okay , jim .
i think this feast is over and it is time to go to the hospital .
that is right , let u do this .
let u go , pam .
yeah , i think we should head out .
you can do this .
you can do this .
I am scared , too .
we are going to have a baby .
let u do that .
i know , i know , i know .
it went by too soon .
we are okay , jim !
you know what time it is ?
you are not going to .
you know where you are going ?
yes , you are .
and you know what you are going to have ?
we are going to the hospital and we are going to have a baby .
everybody it is go time !
stanley , man the phone .
meredith , please , get bottled water .
erin , call an ambulance , please !
no , jim , you are in no condition to drive .
i will drive you .
where is my go bag ?
where is my go bag ?
you are telling me now that there is nothing in it .
oh , hey , hey , um , should i bring a dictionary to the hospital ?
no , no , no .
dwight , let jim do that , please .
come on , stanley !
we are going now !
no , no , no , no !
dwight , what is the traffic like ?
okay , go , go , go , go !
okay , just breathe ... she ?
come on , guy .
i wanted to be surprised .
I am texting about you , okay ! ?
stop fighting , come on .
do you want your kid to come out a lawyer ?
okay , you know what ?
i am all over this .
pam left her ipod at her house .
i want you to swing by , pick it up , and bring it to the hospital .
we need it yesterday .
do you have everything , guy ?
where is my little nibblet ?
halpert , room d1 .
alright , family only beyond this point , thank you .
okay , not yet , not yet .
I am going to go wash my eye .
that kid 's going to have a lot of hair .
i think it is going to be any minute now .
phyllis , what could you possibly have to do ?
oh , my god .
go , go , go !
um , sorry to be a bother , but if we could have an eta when this is going to ... you are starting , you are kind of losing them .
yeah , that is right .
it is a baby , see ?
you can not smoke anywhere these day .
eleven pound ... thank you !
where is the baby ?
i want to see the baby .
oh , helene , hi .
oh , my goodness , what are the odds of this ?
congratulation on being a grandma .
oh , good for you .
i worry about you .
love you , a a friend .
ooh , i want to hold the baby !
her name wa pam .
she wa a receptionist .
she wa engaged to an animal .
he wa a gawky , tall salesman .
the odds of them getting together were insur-mountain-able .
i made a family !
i got these two together , and i made a family .
who else here is single ?
i am offering up my service to you all .
you saw what i did with pam and jim .
i can help you , too .
okay , show of hand .
who want to live in a world where stanley ha two lover and you do not have any ?
people , i know model !
ha ha , you got that right !
come on , you are obviously single .
andrew , what about you ?
well , when you least expect it , expect it .
i am going to fill the empty void in your life with love .
i am going to fill that empty hole in your body with another person .
and , like cupid , i am going to shoot you with love .
what would you say , if i told you that i wa about to change your life ?
i would like you to meet your new boyfriend .
okay , hold on .
whoa , whoa , whoa .
you got to let the cooky cool before you pop them in your mouth .
why do not you guy get to know each other ?
maybe have lunch together ?
kevin , please leave .
this is going to kill kevin .
I am not so sure .
kevin ha an enormous heart .
literally , he ha an elephant heart .
he had a transplant when he wa seventeen .
had some problem , blah blah blah .
no , kevin doe not have an elephant heart .
but he is very sensitive .
and it will not kill erin just to go and have lunch with him in the break room like i promised him ... i bet his heart is enlarged , though .
just do not let him sit on you ... I am kidding .
you will have fun .
it will be good .
it will be good .
erin would like a few word with you .
oh , my god , this is agonizing .
look , kevin , do you really think that you could have dated erin ?
okay , even if someone told you that , you should know that that could never be possible , kevin .
and I am surprised that you did not question me in the first place .
lynn wa a hot a erin .
this is not about me , and that is debatable .
and i have a personality , where a you ... yes , andy ?
there is no greater feeling than when two people who are perfect for each other overcome all obstacle , and find true love .
and that is what i thought that erin and kevin were going to find today ... i think I am going to be sick ... hello hello .
top of the morning to you !
green m & amp ; m !
two of my favorite joke area combined .
it will be a good day .
it is st. patrick 's day , and here in scranton that is a huge deal .
it is the closest that the irish will ever get to christmas .
this is a little something for you to remember your time here in scranton by .
no , no no- that is a good gift actually .
building here in scranton are literally powered by coal .
mm , that sound great , actually .
when you work for sabre , only one thing matter .
and i do not care if you are a loser , or you practice bestiality , if jo like you , you are in .
and i am in !
that is a great idea jb .
oscar , homosexual accountant .
mellow , soulful , smart for warehouse ... okay .
look at that picture that you drew .
we are very proud of you .
you know what , we are going to tape that up on the refrigerator in the kitchen .
say it is not so , jo , we are going to miss you , we are going to miss you so much !
well , i am heading down there .
how about july 4th weekend ?
you know what , in the spirit of full disclosure , i have actually reserved a bunch of different seat on a bunch of different flight , but there are a couple of flight that only have two ticket left , so i think we should pull the trigger and - all right , everybody , just try to put a brave face on .
let u follow the chain of event .
jo invite michael to house .
jo doe not like michael anymore .
i want you to stop what you are doing right now .
you are stressed , and I am taking you to lunch .
no is not an option .
well if you need me , I will be on the other side of that wall .
knock once for yes , twice for no .
I will be over there .
a real hoop dream story you got there .
oh man , you seem to have caught jo 's eye .
how did you make that happen ?
seriously , how did you do it ?
how do i put this delicately ?
doe her family owe your family something , in term of a past injustice ?
so i think I am done .
going to head out .
unless you want to chat .
like we were doing earlier .
well , the clock say chatting time , so .
no , no , no .
how you doing stud ?
how is the lady situation ?
unfortunately i am stuck here , because my bos is making u work late .
how late do we have to work tonight ?
why doe she do that ?
why doe not she just tell you what your schedule is ?
do i really want to turn out like gabe ?
tied to my desk .
no life , no family .
i want to have been married by the time i would have turned thirty .
that is just - that is just depressing .
there is , a a matter of fact .
it is getting sorta late .
it is 8:30. and it is st. patrick 's day , which is a world ethnic holiday .
so i have decided I am going to dismiss my employee .
I am thrilled with the work they have done today , both quality and the quantity .
great performance , very , very solid all the way around .
happy st. patrick 's day .
and also , i would like to say that i will be canceling my trip down to tallahassee .
although i do look forward to our professional relationship .
excuse me , excuse me .
drink are on me !
did i mess up my career today ?
my future prospect at sabre ?
i do not know .
there is a chance .
i tell you i love my job .
but jo want me to put on a show for her , and pretend to work late ?
i spent all day , trying to make her like me , and i forgot to ask myself something : do i even like her ?
a the irish poet bobby mcferrin say , `` do not worry , be happy . '' okay .
okay , all right .
what the hell is going on back there ?
hey jim , jim .
do you know who that is ?
look at him - t-shirt , jean ... i am flattered .
that is johnny depp .
in my condo complex .
i am flipping out , man .
i mean , you remember my idea for the fourth pirate movie .
hey , jim , jim - where , where do i find the black pearl ?
captain jack sparrow , jim .
I am captain jack sparrow .
screw you , halpert .
you know , it is not easy getting excited about stuff .
remember how you felt when you thought you would seen roger clemens ?
well , it wa not him .
i know , i know .
it also explains why the name on his mailbox wa m shulman .
first up , the lost and found ha gone missing .
it itself is lost , so please , try not to lose anything until we find it .
ah , pet day .
if you do not have a pet , please do not feel like - ah , yes , the lead .
the lead that sabre ha spent $ 50,000 to get from a market research company ... are not here yet .
but will be .. no , no , meeting 's not over .
no sale topic per se .
i would like your undivided attention , please .
over the last few week , thing have been changing here .
sabre say it is our duty to support the sale team and the salesman are letting it go to their head .
i think it is kind of screwed up , because the way this place used to work wa : make friend first , make sale second , make love third , in no particular order .
is that all you have to say to me ?
wow , wowie wowie .
it is a big cheque .
I am trying to congratulate you .
you writing your memoir over there ?
well , it is a pretty big check .
here is the thing .
this kind of money can corrupt people .
I am just saying , that - honey and jelly sandwich time .
oh , you got to be kidding me .
that is - you saw who did this and you did not stop them ?
the sale department smashed my sandwich .
you do not get it .
that is what she said .
thank you very much .
ah , just the stupid lead .
then i guess i should give them out .
you know what I am thinking ?
I am thinking that i have something that you want .
you guy are acting like you own this place .
and you do not .
not even sabre owns this place .
it is a rental .
I am kind of sick of the attitude around here .
I am sick of the cocky walk , i am sick of you throwing your paycheck in my face , i am sick of your uppity attitude , jim ... i think i am not going to give these to you .
then we are just rewarding their bad behaviour .
just - imagine that instead of going to jail for murdering someone , you got an ice-cream cone .
if that were the case , then in the summertime , everyone would go around killing people for the pleasure of an ice-cream cone .
they act like i have no power .
well , if that is what i am required to do , i will do exactly that .
may i have everyone is attention , please ?
gabe ha instructed me to hand out the lead , so I am going to give the lead to ... king creed !
- and to king meredith !
and to king angela !
because today we are all king .
I am giving them the lead , phyllis .
oh , right , those are clue .
and within each clue is a lesson .
you learn a lesson , and then you find a lead .
the lead are scattered all over the industrial park .
i am trying to make your kid respect you .
because a father need to respect his bos , and kid do not respect the father who doe not respect the bos .
do you understand that line of logic ?
i do understand it .
today i turned an office crisis into a teachable moment .
a lesser manager would have screwed this day up royally some yokel sitting behind his desk saying take a lead , learn nothing some people should not be in this business .
well , bigshot , 'if you want to find your lead , go to the man who never breathes ' .
what day is today ?
oh my god oh my god , no , no no , hey , hey wait , wait !
you know what , let u just go to the dump , start looking - ryan , c'mon , shotgun in my car - why ?
because i am not going to call sabre and say , 'hi , you know those very valuable expensive lead that you gave u earlier today ?
well , because of a screw-up by a staff member , they are now in the city dump . '' well , that is not the way it is going t sound .
here is what we are going to do .
we will go to the dump , we will look around , then we will all go out and get pizza , maybe catch a movie , late-night drink , some more pizza , call it a night .
what do you - really ?
okay , no , you encouraged it .
you were complicit complicit .
you were all successories !
okay fine , i get it .
I will just go by myself .
you know , dwight , there wa a time when you would be pinching yourself to have the opportunity to look through a dump with me .
sometimes the acorn just stay the acorn .
if you do not believe me , look in my gutter .
you have changed , man .
since when do you care about money ?
when i first met you , you were a wide-eyed innocent .
no , I am talking about your personality , dwight .
assistant to the managed him - yeah .
you think you would have done better without me ?
when i think about all the time i wasted being your friend - i should not have been hanging out watching karate movie with you - you know what , i should have been doing ?
i should have been out at bar , finding my soul-mate , finding my wife , making baby - that is my wife you are talking about , man .
if i wanted to hit you , i would have hit you .
you just made an enemy with the wrong guy , dwight .
no , time out , time out .
do not even think about that okay , dwight .
here we go oh god .
we are never going to find those lead , are we ?
this why would somebody throw that out ?
yeah , she doe - she love purple .
know what would be a great picture here ?
just this whole dump , and in the middle , one flower .
and the caption would read : in the dump .
I am going to give erin $ 15 .
a one-on-one lunch with erin ?
she is kind of a rube .
I will take her to lunch .
happy secretary 's day .
i wanted to know what your plan for lunch were because i wa hoping to ask you to ... lunch .
well , hayworth 's is more business casual , and they always screw up your order .
so I am ... okay , well , we will figure something .
okay , let u go to hayworth 's .
would you mind if i listen to my book on tape ?
I am kind of a bookworm .
this is the novelization of the movie precious based on the book push by sapphire .
i do not know .
an age or month ?
I have been trying .
I have been trying to keep it going .
erin is just weird .
so how are thing going with andy ?
well , let u see .
other than the fact that he dated angela , i do not think he is a snappy dresser .
i do not think he is the best dresser .
reminds me of easter .
you did not know that ?
i do not know .
probably did not want you to have a mental image of him having sex with somebody else .
they were engaged , so ... okay , you know what , sir ?
yeah , i asked for pickle with my burger .
and there are only , like five or six .
could i get some more pickle ?
well ... what are you doing ?
what are you doing ?
everybody 's looking at you right now .
I will have what she is having !
did you have a ... did you like your lunch ?
did you have a good lunch ?
did you like that ?
did you enjoy your food ?
i liked my lunch .
you know what , i think we can all agree that angela 's not so great , so .. no .
andy , she is not the easiest person in the world to have a conversation with .
and besides , who doe not tell their girlfriend that they were engaged to someone who work four foot away from them ?
that is like .. that is like mr. and mrs. smith crap .
you know what , i resent the implication that i would keep that secret .
everyone here know that i can not and will not keep a secret .
no , no , i wa just watching cookie monster .
mind if i sit down ?
I am sorry about that .
i feel ... I am sorry i caused that thing .
well , yeah , yes .
but i still feel sorry .
you know what , i would not worry about angela .
she doe not hold a candle to you , erin .
she is old enough to be your mom for one thing .
and she is , like , three foot tall .
and she wear pioneer woman clothing .
and i do not think she is ever pooped in her life .
and andy , you know , come on .
andy , his butt look big in those khaki .
you know who you would love ?
oh , this guy in my neighborhood , tom dizemore .
this is him : `` hey !
hey scott ! '' oh , oh , i wa just watching that .
did you do that , man ?
i am the count . '' nailed him .
good work cookie monster .
buenos dia , erin .
no , no , no , no .
solamente en espanol , por favor .
i believe that every man , woman , and child in this country should learn how to speak spanish .
they are our neighbor to the south , and this would be a healing thing for ... for all of north america .
and ... i am going on vacation next week to cancun .
buenos dia , jaime .
buenos dia , dwight !
eso e lo que dice , el !
can you smell the power of the halperts ?
i went with the people i thought would put the best face on the company .
did somebody order a hooker over here ?
there is this woman i met a few week ago .
her name is donna , the manager of sid & amp ; dexter 's and , right now , we are in the midst of a passionate love affair .
but she is coming by today .
maybe to buy some printer , so ... right here , we have the wonder twin , jim and pam halpert .
they will be assisting you today .
do you , donna , by any chance shop at victoria 's secret ?
because i keep getting these magazine sent to me via the address of the woman who used to live in my condo before me .
uh , yes , uh , the sale is on now through may .
okay , i have more of them .
i took the liberty to scan a few thing earlier , and i want to show you ... there we go !
whoa , look at those vivid color .
look at my eye .
those are shrek-green eye .
that is me again .
i think this display the crisp , dazzling white .
and that would be a display of the crisp , gorgeous black .
that is how it work .
i show her an image that turn her on .
and then she look at me , then back at me , then back at the image .
soon , she doe not know what is me , what is the image .
she just know that she is turned on .
this is a place that i like to go to be alone with my thought .
I have never taken anybody there before .
and that is it .
that is who i am .
you are not bad , either .
could you come in here for a sec ?
what wa that printer we were looking at ?
you did not see it , pam .
she wa giving me all sort of signal that she wanted me to make a move .
oh really , jim ?
and you did a heck of a lot more than kiss .
maybe this could be my pam .
look , i know that i screwed up in there .
i know that i probably messed up your sale .
i just want to go in and fix it .
so maybe we could find a little wiggle room , right ?
maybe wee find some wiggle room ?
i think we could .
okay , well sometimes ... sometimes it make financial sense to lose money , right ?
like for tax purpose .
why do not you run them again ?
if she is , it is working .
so corporate approval of this contract is contingent upon buyer and seller ... operating blahdy blahdy blah .
do you like mint ?
i carry mint with me sometimes .
you ever tried those ?
they are good sure .
i can not stop myself from kissing her .
okay , guy , guy , guy .
just tell me it is not totally insane to try one more time .
what do you think ?
okay , some for , some against .
I am going with pam 's group .
no , guy , guy , guy .
guy , just ... thank you for talking .
what sort of movie would rudy have been if he had just stopped , given up , after two rejection ?
would have been a lot shorter .
probably been a lot funnier .
but it would have ultimately been a disappointment .
i still would have seen it , but that is not ... the point .
we should have your contract done by thursday .
yeah it wa nice to do business with you , too .
i do not know .
so ... oh , donna ?
thank you so much .
so , um ... okay , if you have ... if there is any other question that you have ... all right .
and have a good elevator ride .
oh , what is that out there ?
i do not know .
i do not know .
can not really trust my feeling anymore .
she suckered you too .
wa it the cleavage ?
she left this here ?
maybe she want me to return this to her at her work .
this could be a signal .
people do not just take barrette off .
well ... yeah , i know .
you are still here .
i have your baguette .
everybody told me that you were not interested .
and i did not believe them .
and they were right .
so ... there is your barrette .
no ... what happened ?
oh , that is great .
that is such good news .
no , I am serious .
it ... this happened .
i went down to the parking lot and i wa ... i returned her barrette we ki ... we did .
it doe not matter .
because i know it happened .
and that is all that count .
i did do it !
are you clicking a detonator ?
get back to work , dwight .
thing with donna are so ... oh-ho-ho !
they are going great .
i , uh ... we are just clicking on every level .
emotionally and sexually and ... orally and i am not used to relationship going this well .
I am actually having trouble focusing on my job .
and i like it !
who enjoys the weekend ?
now the weekend is always great if you have someone , which i do .
she ha a pilate butt .
but we need to find something to do this weekend beside have sex .
did i say that ?
yes , i did .
and the reason you are here is that i need idea for thing that donna and i could do on the weekend .
so just shout it out .
okay , you get out of here , big dog .
ah , no , no , no , no .
you guy sit down .
yeah , well , stanley doe not help with anything .
shout them out , shout them out .
we actually went to the poconos last tuesday .
we headed up there , we went to a little chinese bistro , um , p.f .
because when your super-hot girlfriend say , `` i want to go to mount pocono , '' you go to mount pocono and you do her .
you know what , kelly ?
this is the real world .
not the real world : scranton .
oh my god , this is super weird .
when ryan had two girlfriend , he used to take me to some diner in hazelton just so the other girl would not see .
you guy think donna 's cheating on me ?
... and ... we had sex , too .
how do i not make any more of it ?
and she will not say , `` i love you . '' nine date .
i said it on the second date .
yeah , she doe all that .
no , no ... run what ?
why did not you just say that , pam ?
well , that is easy for you to say .
you have a bad imagination .
i live in a fantasy world .
yes , jim , i do .
and i can not stay in a relationship that is full of lie and deceit .
that is what make it so wrong .
ever since i found out that donna might be cheating on me , i have not eaten or slept .
this not knowing , that is what is killing me .
i want someone to follow donna .
i want her tailed .
i need the name of a good private investigator .
how much do you charge ?
I will give you $ 50 .
money 's no object .
it is never too early for ice cream , jim .
but we did not have any ice cream , so this is mayonnaise and black olive .
it is comfort food , all right ?
well , i hope you are right .
we will see what dwight say .
because i have him investigating her .
I am waiting for a text update .
it is too late to undo it .
i need to know .
otherwise this thing is going to spiral out of amok .
god , this is so disgusting .
that is not true .
you are right , i ruin everything .
and I have known some wonderful woman .
holly , carol , january helene ?
all of , all of the greatest love of my life .
no , what happened with donna ?
who eats eight protein bar ?
well , i am just glad this is all over .
no , she did not say that .
i am not paying for that membership .
ohhh ... mmm ... no , i like the attention .
is she here yet ?
okay , I will talk to you later .
everybody else here did .
everybody convinced me that something wa up .
they poisoned my mind .
it is a lie .
that is not what happened .
i just like you .
i can not believe i get to be with you .
you work at an adult arcade .
you could have any man you want .
if you want to dump me , i totally get it .
well , you are boner-ific .
... poop my pant .
oh , my god , vero beach .
is that on the water ?
well it can wait .
jim is her husband .
and they are having problem , so sh ... good in bed .
oh , my god .
look at how cheap street level room are .
am i the only person who enjoys people watching ?
yeah , i just remembered that i have to go to the bathroom .
who the hell is this ?
who is this guy ?
lowest of the low .
just a notch above toby .
I am going to kill him .
no , I am not .
i feel ... i ... no , I am not going to kill him .
i have to hear it from her .
i need to have her tell me herself .
i need to have her say ... i need to say , `` what the hell is that ?
what the hell is that ? '' no , god !
no , no , oh , my god !
we should really do something fun this week .
would not that be fun ?
i can not do thursday .
because i wa thinking we could go to this concert .
spice girl are opening for weird al .
it would be a great , great concert .
well , maybe i could stop by .
nope , that is tuesday .
you are cheating on me .
who is the guy ?
I am the mistress ?
toby ha been leaving radon kit everywhere , like he owns the place .
the first time i threw mine away , i thought it wa an ant trap .
but i figured I would rather live with ant than with his creepy little disc .
the second time ... i thought it wa one of those , you know , those thing you turn over and it moo .
like a cow thing .
but upon closer examination , it wa another ant trap , so i threw it away .
and the third time ... i did it out of spite .
you are kidding me ?
you say radon is silent , but deadly , and then you expect me not to make farting noise with my mouth ?
we are not going to die of radon , we are going to die of boredom .
and if i had a gun with two bullet and i wa in a room with hitler , bin laden , and toby , i would shoot toby twice .
i would kill bin laden and then toby .
okay genius , how would you do it ?
i do not know .
yes , we stab toby through the heart with an icicle .
toby , just do it !
oh , thank you .
it is reversible , i think .
oh wow , are those eagle ' flavor ?
cake it to the limit .
that is my favorite !
too much for me to have by myself .
anybody want to share ?
well ... that is random .
i will dig into those later .
no , i got to go .
oh , hooter to go .
okay , well , I will have to take a rain check , but thanks for the offer .
okay , pam ... she is not invisible so stop asking silly question .
since when is this an office where we delve into each other 's personal life ?
is it wrong to keep seeing her ?
depends on who you ask .
i mean , if you ask her husband ... or you took a random poll , yeah , it is wrong .
well , i think we all know what you are capable of meredith .
people , this is scranton .
and many people consider that to be the paris of northeastern pennsylvania .
and in paris , it is rude for a woman to have le than four lover .
i will have you know that i asked donna about this and she is fine with it .
and just to be sure , i asked her again afterward .
he is never going to find out .
he is a high school baseball coach .
he wake up early .
he go to bed early .
look at how long it took for him to find out .
it wa right under his nose .
i had to tell him .
I am sorry , it ... why is it okay for stanley to cheat or for phyllis to cheat ... on her diet !
he is a sport guy .
real sport with bryant gumble .
i am declaring a moment of silence right now .
ten minute of silence honoring michael jackson .
just sit there and think about michael jackson .
mm , no , when are you people going to stop casting the first stone ?
i am not in the wrong here .
i am the good guy .
do you think this husband is a super sweet nice guy ?
do you think he is an angel ?
i do not think so .
why is his wife going off and having a little something-something with me ?
there ha to be a problem with him .
i am beyonce always .
yes , i am .
i would love that .
i have work to do .
i can not wait to see this jerk who is making me cheat on his wife .
i should punch him in the nose for what he is making me do to her .
all right , andy , please .
try not to draw attention , please .
the grownup by the base ?
can you just- can you just act normal for a second , please ?
you have no idea what you are talking about .
you do not know .
you do not- you do not know anything .
look at him over there .
he did not even do anything .
kid did all the work .
i bet he doe that at home .
i bet it is like , `` hey , donna , why do not you wash the dish ? '' `` high-five , donna . '' `` hey , why do not you bring me my slipper ? '' `` hi-five .
I am taking all the credit . '' okay , well , that is because he is paying their salary .
i know , i know , i know .
it-I am-it- that wa a euphemism .
okay , all right .
do not , do not .
you go talk to him .
no , no , no .
oh , my god .
i got some stomach cramp .
well , that wa not at all what i expected .
my heart 's still racing .
i just looked a man in the eye and i shook his hand .
all the time i wa thinking , `` I am sleeping with your wife . '' and you know who doe that ?
james freakin ' bond .
okay , orange slice .
do not thank me .
thank dylan 's mom .
ooh hoo hoo hoo hoo !
uh , no , they did not say team .
they just said coal hawk .
well , then it would not be the first time i stole something away from coach shane .
he is very nice .
I am awful , are not i ?
I am an awful guy !
i am what i am , oscar .
and i want what i want .
and right now , i want a piece of cake .
from now on , when I am hungry , i am going to eat whatever i am hungry for .
i do not care .
i have an appetite for life !
you will learn , baby .
yeah , i noticed that .
i have got big ball .
phyllis , look at- okay , that is ... all right , all right .
I am sick of this .
I am sick of the little disapproving head shake .
if you think that is going to have any effect on me , it will not .
i am going to leave right now and go to a motel to meet donna .
because a motel is dirty and it is sexy .
and frankly , the stuff that we are into is not very condo-appropriate .
okay , morgan freeman-narrating-everything .
nobody better try to stop me .
how do i feel about breaking up with donna ?
that wa not easy because i really liked her a lot .
and I am a little bit emotional right now because i know that i absolutely made the right decision .
at the end of the day , we have to do what is right .
and it wa either living with myself or ... being happy .
and i picked ... the ... former .
umm ... i have done some very bad thing , thing of which i am not proud .
i would like to publicly apologize to ... the coach and the player .
and i vow to never listen to my bodily instinct ever again .
i wa talking about ... what do- what ?
what is going on ?
there is nothing wrong , nor will there ever be wrong with any sabre printer .
michael scott , a seen on tv .
pack man , i thought you were a girl !
apparently , there are allegation that sabre printer can because a fire .
so they asked me to give a statement to the press .
I am like , what ?
so i do it .
it is on tv last night .
and it is in the paper today .
and it is online .
and then i call froggy 98.7 , the request line .
i talk to the host about it on the air .
it is like , come on , people , enough .
everybody , we are at defcon 5. i am officially the second-most watched clip of the day on the wbre news site .
oh , that teacher who wa wrongfully accused of being a pedophile .
now , we can not let the pedophile win again !
i would like you all to go to the website and watch my clip eleven time .
that is what ... let u do it !
okay , um , count me in a who care .
it is not even that interesting a baby otter , it can not even stand up .
it is trying to stand up ... there it go .
we were not expecting you !
jo , jo , i can assure you it wa no one in this office .
anyone who talked to the press , please raise your hand .
there is no reason for anyone here to sign this , because i know everything there is to know about these people .
i know when their birthday are , i know what their favorite kind of cake is , i know what color streamer they like ... yes , yes , but it show a bigger picture .
we should give him a one-way ticket to montego bay , where they keep all the al-qaeda .
you put them in jail for a long time , you put them in jail for a long a you can .
i want these people to really pay , i want them to suffer .
I would prefer it if they died , because it is not right .
and like I am going to believe one of his spermed lover .
is there something that you would like to say to me ?
about talking to the press ?
i do not believe you .
that is a little much .
all right , all right , all right .
okay , i believe you , i believe you .
did you tell anyone outside of this office that the printer were catching on fire ?
oh , no , no , no ... oh my god .
oh , god , darryl !
i basically swore up and down that none of my employee did it , and then i find out that one of my best one did .
and now he is probably going to get fired for it .
and if that is not poetic justice , i do not know what is .
i do not know what the best plan is , pam .
oh god ... my mind is going a mile an hour .
two whistleblower ... two !
i always thought darryl and pam might get me fired for something i said .
so see you in meredith 's van in five minute .
no , you know what is messed up ?
this situation all up in here is what is messed up !
we need to brainstorm , we need to get out of this !
come on , think .
what do we got ?
it is okay , she is cool , she also whistle-blew .
hey , hey , it is a interesting a a morgue .
okay , here is what we do .
i say we just smash all the computer .
we destroy the evidence .
no evidence , no case .
okay , not all the computer , just our computer .
just do not say no .
that is just what we need , another black man in prison .
you know , let u just ... okay .
you can count on me .
i wa thinking about our little leak problem .
i wa up all lunch thinking about what we should do to this individual .
you know what i think we should do ?
we make them come to work , and we work them , and we make them sit next to all the people they screwed over .
and , and we pay them but we make them feel like they did something really wrong .
the one question i have is , do we give them a christmas bonus ?
i say yes , it is christmas , but right after they are back in the thick of it .
it doe not matter what i know .
well , deal with this .
are you going to kill me ?
are we going some place far away ?
i know you said no question , but ... i have an early dinner that i need to get to ... with the chief of police .
i am not going to tell you anything .
well , I am going through a little bit of a rough patch .
whole year , actually .
my favorite restaurant closed down .
and my new favorite restaurant suck ... i bought a video camera last year , and i wa looking at the tape , and there were only like twelve minute that i felt wa worth taping the whole year .
and most of that wa just bird in my condo complex .
... i miss holly .
holly flax from the nashua branch .
best hr rep that dunder mifflin ha ever seen .
it is not been a blockbuster year for me financially .
my blockbuster stock is down .
you know , i would be willing , under the right circumstance , to do that for you .
i , i surely do , and do not call me honey .
you were playing too .
we at sabre have betrayed the trust that we have built with our customer .
we regret our slow response and our lapse in candor and judgment .
at this time , we are issuing a full recall of all sabre gh400 printer .
we will not rest until this problem is solved .
there will be no question .
are there any question ?
hey , you could transfer holly back from nashua .
i suppose summer had to end sometime .
it is sad , though , because i had a great summer .
i got west nile virus , lost a ton of weight .
then i went back to the lake .
i stepped on a piece of glass in the parking lot , which hurt .
that got infected even though i peed on it .
saw 'inception . ' or at least i dreamt i did .
he is not the worst , okay ?
he is not the worst .
you know who is the worst ?
that intern we had a few year ago .
that face , how ugly he wa ?
he wa the worst .
good worker , though .
it is not cappuccino .
it is just coffee , guy !
but , yeah , I will look into it , okay ?
luke , i want you to go to the supermarket for me .
to get some ice cream for everybody .
it is national ice cream afternoon .
and another thing i did this summer , i hired my nephew .
having luke here is a pretty big deal for me , because his mother , who also happens to be my half-sister , kind of cut me off from that side of the family 15 year a- 14. the last time i saw luke wa the opening day of 'ace ventura ii ' and that wa '95 , so yes , 15 year on the dot .
anyway , i lost him in a forest .
do not bother luke .
that mean do not .
have not you seen ghostbusters , pam ?
no , it ... yes , okay , right .
all right , yep .
okay , um ... that is a clear a i can make it .
because i do not want it getting back to sabre that we are yelling at assistant .
i think it would reflect poorly on u .
nope , it will not be gabe but actually , there is somebody in the office that is very , very close to luke .
well , dwight , he wiped his butt .
is that close enough for you ?
he is my nephew .
luke is my nephew .
that is a very nice way of putting it , oscar .
mixing family and business is a beautiful thing .
do you think they should have had open audition for the band hanson ?
what if no one named hanson showed up ?
that would not even make sense .
or what if they just hired the littlest kid and a 50-year-old guy who wa a murderer ?
god , when he needed help on earth , who did he hire ?
jesus christ , his son .
I am just saying , why doe god get to do something that i do not ?
well , then , why are not you bugging me to fire everybody who is bad ?
you just want me to fire luke .
that is reverse nepotism .
he should not be punished because he is related to me and bad at what he doe !
because i wanted you to come to me and say , `` wow , he is so great . '' and i wa going to say , `` well , it is in the gene . '' and i wa actually going to be wearing jean .
and I would point to them , right ?
but you ruined it .
so , thank you very much .
i do not want you to treat him like anyone else in the office .
i just want you to treat him like my nephew .
hey , there he is .
ok , you know what ?
just -just back off !
all right , those might be his .
he might own an ebay store .
ok , ok. you know what ?
this is like a witch hunt .
this is like the blair witch hunt project .
I am reconsidering sending them back anyway .
well , ok , you have just committed a felony .
no , i know they fit .
it is not about the fit .
i wa perfectly happy to just hide it from you .
you do not have all the fact .
he is my nephew .
well , this office is my pool .
and my house is my house .
and i just want my nephew to work in my pool .
i will cover his as like moss on a mississippi tree stump .
luke and i have been working side-by-side a master and commander .
me a master , he a commander .
occasionally he will need a little push , and i will do that , and he will slow down , and I will push him again .
that is the thing with kid , you have to keep pushing .
you have to push them until they push you back .
and then you push some more .
it is all about give and take , but mostly it is about pushing each other .
luke is going to use his laser pointer to point to account setup .
you click on that first , then a whole new-not , no , no , no !
luke , come on .
not on oscar 's head .
luke , come on .
give me the pointer .
no , just power it down .
no , no , no , no , no .
not on angela 's boob .
okay , email account .
so we are starting with account setup- okay , can i have that ?
ok , i am going to count down from five .
I am not kidding .
alright , give it up .
you are going to learn to be more professional , luke !
that is what you are going to do , luke !
i had to do that .
there are many different school of thought on capital punishment .
yes , of course .
what is this in reference to ?
would have been nice to work with my family .
it would have been nice if luke had been able to stay here .
but he could not .
these thing seldom work out .
i do not know how ringling brother do it .
night after night , town after town , all across america .
you would think they would be sick of each other by now .
but , clearly , they make it work .
and my hat 's off to them .
that is highway robbery .
i can do that .
is there another option ?
this is the worst !
you are the worst !
i hate looking at your face !
i want to smash it !
ok , you know what ?
i made a mistake .
i committed corporate punishment .
but my punishment is ... um ... worse than hell .
i know what you want to ask me .
`` did your mom ever see you naked ? '' so you can molest me ?
oh , ok. i do not think so .
we are going to leave the blind open so every one can see what a big failure you are .
that is the key .
we have done one hour .
let u just speed this up , ok ?
i want to do all six hour today .
no , no , no !
i know my right !
all i had to do wa sit here for six hour .
you know , do you have any idea how angry this is making me ?
yes , i will .
i will talk alright .
be careful what you wish for toby .
toby , can i really tell you anything ?
well , the other night , i wa sitting at the table , eating my penis ... i mean pea .
i think that wa ... i wa probed .
by an alien life form .
alf , you know , i might have actually been probed by alf .
you might think he is a puppet .
you never see the lower half .
but there is a lower half .
and i wa raised by wolf .
i wa 25 year old before i saw my first human being .
wait , is it a full moon tonight ?
they are all fake story .
what sort of twisted mind would come up with weird story like that ?
we are half way done .
this is plenty complicated .
I have played it once or twice with jeff .
jeff wa my mother 's boyfriend , who she married .
i guess i never thought about it that way , though .
he took me to a baseball game once , i remember .
it wa weird though .
they took the pitcher out of the game .
i felt really bad , because the pitcher wa not able to play with his friend anymore .
but jeff said that the manager wa making a really good move , by taking the pitcher out .
he really respected the manager .
i wa afraid i would find him in the park , playing with another kid .
i guess that is why i thought he ran away in the first place .
to find a kid he liked better .
why would a dog do that ?
when i hear myself say it , it sound ridiculous .
but I have never said it out loud , so ... well , let u not get too ... this is not a counseling session ... ok. son of a gun .
son of a bitch .
you are very helpful are not you ?
you try to help everybody .
do you want to play another game ?
but you know what ?
you can not help people .
you could not help your marriage .
i do not need your help .
nobody need your help .
you can not help anybody .
i do not need your help !
am i going to make you cry ?
ok. you will do .
take two of these and call me in the morning .
you forged the form !
yes , but you had me so worked up that i made a mistake .
you do not make a mistake on purpose , toby !
then it is no longer a mistake ... gabe .
he messed it up .
he messed up the form , i bet ... `` i mess everything up so i can fix it and keep my job !
good thing I am here because i do nothing .
i make everybody nervous ! '' ah , ok. got your notebook ?
alright , let u bang this out .
let u do it to it !
i auditioned for this .
when did the cast list go up ?
they did not call me .
who am i playing ?
andy , what time 's the show ?
how long is it ?
nope , can not make it .
they say that no one can take your pride , but the people who cast andy 's play , they took mine .
i can not andy , it is too hard .
that is-i put everything i had into that audition .
do you understand that ?
i wish i could , andy , but i can not .
i have plan that night .
I am going to see a friend in a play called sweeney todd .
you are that friend .
I am going to see your play .
oh , hey guy .
i did , because i am being the bigger man , and balloon are bigger than flower .
you would think they would discourage people from bringing in balloon .
this guy 's a world-class actor .
he doe not daylight a your plumber .
are you kidding me ?
all right , I am sorry .
you enjoy the second act .
how is that funny ?
fruit is so much better when it is dried .
I have already eaten , like , 30 apricot .
yeah , good job .
no , there were a lot of people booing you .
i wa not one of them .
get your eye checked , chucklehead .
well , he wa getting a lot of applause , and i just did not think it wa indicative of how people were really feeling .
that would never happen .
i appreciate the feedback .
i do not like that at all .
hey , what is going on here ?
yeah , i get those every day after work .
enough with the sas , please .
what is wrong with you ?
andy , listen to me .
look me in the eye .
i thought that you were awesome .
i am not just saying that .
you can trust that i am telling you the truth .
i booed someone tonight .
i have no filter .
and if i thought you were terrible , i would have booed .
and if i thought you had done a better job , i would be saying nicer thing right now .
but i thought that you were exactly awesome .
no better , no worse .
i did not say that to make you feel good .
i just said it .
come on , andy , seriously .
in the criminal justice system , the people are defended by two separate but equally important group , the police who investigate the crime and the district attorney who prosecute the offender .
these are their story .
I am just a cleaning lady .
he wrapped his belt around his own neck .
it look like a classic case of autoerotic asphyxiation .
yeah , look like everyone is tightening their belt in this economy .
last time you saw the victim , wa he happy ?
last time i saw this john , he was-he wa not a victim , if you know what I am talkin about .
no , that was- I am just getting into the first act .
there are many reason a man would wear a fake mustache to work .
he is a fan of the outrageous .
he love to surprise !
he love ... other thing a well .
look , it is a pimple phyllis .
avrile lavigne get them all the time and she rock harder than anyone alive .
just a cold sore , thank you .
phyllis , i do not have acne .
i have a cold sore .
i do not even have a cold .
i do not know how i got it .
my last physical when i wa forty .
it wa like four year ago !
if you are guessing forty six just say forty six .
how did this happen , how did i get this ?
you know what , i feel like one of those old timey sailor .
with the eye patch .
it is me own damn fault .
woman in every port .
if anything i gave it to her .
what if i did ?
might be crawling with herpes .
i might have gotten it after her .
there is no way I am going to do that .
i have a disease , for which there is no known cure , that ha been sexually transmitted to me .
i can not even say it .
h-i ... ... r-p-e-e-s no , i am calling to see if you gave me herpes .
because if you did i would be able to avoid a lot of sucky conversation .
so you have it right ?
doe your stupid husband have it ?
yes i am telling you you have to get tested for herpes .
no this is holly .
no this is holly .
so what can i do for you holly .
were they in the missionary position ?
do you ever wonder what life would have been like if you had not been transferred ?
we would have twin .
we would be married .
i do not romanticize th- no ... he had no arm or leg , he could not hear see , or speak ... this is how he let a nation .
we were more than we were .
ok , alright i got to go .
it did not come up organically .
it is nice to see you doing so well .
bringing home the bacon .
would you excuse u ... he ha not changed .
am i the kind of person to misremember our relationship a more than it ever wa ?
well , there wa a little bit of a learning curve in the conversation department , but between the sheet we were like jordan and pippin !
because we work together .
am i the princess ?
ok , so I am the guy at the station .
i used to think that she wa the one .
or at least a the one .
and if i called that one so wrong ... you know , i do not know if i trust jan 's judgment .
she ... no , I am not talking about paper .
relationship , they have the ability to point out if the man is making a bigger deal out of something that is really there .
yes , i do not ... i know , i know .
we dated for a while .
dwight , would you take my grandmother for a walk while i talk to helene ?
did i make more of what we had then what wa really there ?
just a quirky indie movie weird sort of thing , breaking all the rule .
but had to end , because the summer wa over .
for you ... jerk .
real entertainer , like billy joel .
carroll , how are you ?
i saw your-your sign outside .
and i decided , I am going to pull in , and maybe buy a house from her .
weird ... he sound like a nice guy .
oh wow another living room !
you put the tv here , you put the family over here .
someone told me that i romanticize relationship i have herpes .
i just found out today .
it is , uh , right there .
mmhmm , I am sorry .
I am between specialist right now .
well i believe in love at first sight .
i knew what i wa thinking at the time , but right now it just seems ridiculous .
hi holly it is michael , i just wanted to call and let you know that i wa thinking about what you said .
today i ended up seeing a lot of woman that i used to date , and in my mind they were all great .
and then when i actually saw them , it wa mostly a freak show .
and you and me , that must have been a real train wreck .
you know what , holly ?
i remember every second of u .
and talking to them today , i do not feel for them anything like what i feel for you .
i did not joke with any of them , i joked with you .
you are the only one who wa actually happy to hear from me .
and i do not know why you downgraded what we had but i did not make u up .
ok. oh , wait , and you should talk to a doctor because you might have herpes .
oscar , we once sucked face in public .
a part of an office presentation to destroy the stigma of gay kissing .
you may have given me a sexually transmitted disease .
i have already contacted all of my ex-lovers except for you .
flower shop , firework celebration ... moolit gandala , carrage drive through central park ... an electric car dealership .
she is a beaut !
oh , look at that .
yes , i can ride a bike .
i take spinning class three time a month .
i think i know how to ride a bike .
i did , yes !
i had those extra wheel on the back ... that support you .
oh , my god !
brainstorming session is now open .
anyone ha an idea- hold on .
sorry , sorry , sorry .
no , I am not busy .
it is jim , okay ?
you need the big gun , yes ?
i will see you in ten .
well , i know a lot of you thought that my sale day were behind me , and to be honest , so did i ... and the only reason i got out of the sale game wa to be reluctantly called back in .
no , i do not have time for this .
are you kidding me ?
oh , no , that is a male model .
michael scott , dunder-mifflin paper company .
nice to meet you .
yeah , well ... we call it overkill .
why am i telling you my strategy ?
i could swear that guy wa a male model .
oh , thank you .
on the count of three , it is showtime .
ready , one , two- okay , you know-all right , just forget it then .
oh ... never mind .
when i knock on your door , you know who it is ; it is michael scott .
we have been together forever and we- you know what ?
you are having some problem with your loading dock , are you not ?
we are going to deliver to you on weekend .
and you know what else we are going to do ?
i can not believe I am going to say this ... we are going to offer you our paper at cost .
i could get in a lotta trouble for this , so you would better shake my hand right now .
shake it , shake it !
we did what we should have done , we just got bested .
why is there a door close button if it doe not even close the door ?
how do i feel about losing the sale ?
it is like if michael phelps came out of retirement , jumped in the pool , belly-flopped , and drowned .
you know who we always lose out to ?
staple , the big guy .
they are a small company .
they are smaller than we are .
what is our excuse ?
how do we combat this guy ?
stanley , how do we combat him ?
you clearly do not care , so why do not you just leave ?
why do not you go outside and ... take a shot of insulin and have a nap , okay ?
i do not know , your frame , your build-why do not you have a glass of apple juice and tell me you are not a diabetic .
i could tell by the sound you made when you stood up that you have-okay .
oh , my god !
you know what this is ?
this is a stinger .
paul newman , robert redford .
they are bank robber .
that is my mug .
oh , no , no .
yeah , he is that good-looking .
pull it together , all right ?
stop lookin ' at him .
oh ... my god !
he is making her sell to him .
do not let u down .
no , no , no ....
I am goin 'in !
oh , my god !
stop it , stop it , stop it .
stop it , please .
okay , danny ... this is not pennsylvania solartech .
this is dunder-mifflin paper company .
this is meredith palmer- do not !
get away from him .
please , just leave .
get out of here .
i owe you ... a most sincere and humble apology .
we were trying to watch you to see your sale technique , so we could stop losing so many client to you .
a surveillance room next to this one .
and it is the sincerest form of flattery .
you know what , it wa not just me .
jim and dwight are behind that wall in the surveillance room and it wa their plan a well .
no , we do not .
here is-here is my point .
danny , listen , you have to understand that we are not normally like this .
we just-we wanted to know your trick .
you are , you are .
stop it , stop it .
you are a good salesman .
and because of that ... i want you to work for me .
so , you will ?
hold it , hold it .
hold on , hold on .
wait , wait , wait , wait .
danny , i want you to look at me .
do you want your life to be better ... or to be worse or to stay the same ?
do you want a better life , danny ?
i know , i know .
do you want more freedom , le freedom , or to stay the same ?
i can give you more money-there is your better life .
i can let you come and go a you please-there is your freedom .
and you already know dunder-mifflin ha the best service and the best price , but you beat u anyway .
can you imagine how well you would do selling our stuff ?
everyone , may i have your attention ?
i would like to introduce you to mr. danny cordray .
he is going to be joining u a our new traveling salesman .
say hello to danny !
this is not some sort of construction site ... or all of italy , where you can just go around treating people like meat .
we are to respect him .
i respect him because he reminds me of somebody .
can anybody guess who that is ?
somebody in this office .
sorta like ... a little younger version of me .
no , you may not .
we are not- okay .
let us-all right , all right .
please do not let him leave .
do not let him .
guy , let me ask you something .
do you want your life to be better or worse or stay the same ?
well ... get ready , because it is going to get better .
he would have stolen your client , but you know what ?
he can not now .
this guy used to steal sale from u ; now , he is going to steal sale for u .
he doe not need to sit , he is a traveling salesman .
look , i am not going to exclude good people from our staff simply because they are threatening to you .
and unless you have a better argument than that , i suggest you leave .
this morning , danny cordray stole a sale from me .
so what do i do ?
i go out and i steal danny cordray .
the sale that mattered , i made .
funny thing about it , we do not even need him .
we already have packer on the road .
i forgot about packer .
all right , everybody , take a seat .
a you may have heard , our branch on the planet jupiter is up eight thousand percent in sale !
a lot of people are really getting into halloween this year !
six second , macgruber !
pam 's got a lot of fun stuff planned !
uh , two second macgruber !
including a ... costume contest , and bobbing for apple , and a ouija board ... ohhh !
oh , here we go !
who like to water ski on lake erie ?
no wai-where doe dracula like to water ski ?
so , wait , driver are going to be able to sell paper on the road ?
oh , so ... i almost forgot .
you will find this hilarious .
apparently corporate is going to have driver sell paper on their route now .
that is like , exactly sort of the idea that you had .
you should have gotten credit for that , man .
it is a ream of paper .
thought you might hit me .
darryl philbin is the greatest guy in the world .
and you know what I would like ?
i would like to have all the racist brought together and take darryl philbin out to lunch .
just to see what they are missing .
would you please do me a solid and get darryl philbin on the speakerphone ?
hi , darryl , come out here , please .
you need to stop being so shy , come out here , and embrace who you really are , superstar !
yeah , i bet it is !
if you are going to do your job well here , you got to get used to being embarrassed .
this whole delivery slash sale idea ?
you know whose idea that wa ?
that wa darryl philbin 's .
he thought of that way before the corporate fat suit .
i got in the way .
and it just stopped .
but then corporate come up with this idea , but you know what ?
they need to know that it wa yours .
and i do not care if i take a bullet .
we are going to call them , we are going to put them on speakerphone right now ... and we are going to straighten this out .
I am a little peeved at darryl right now .
no , he did not go behind my back .
he went over my head .
what is taking someone from behind ?
it wa a good idea , though .
what the hell are they talking about ?
do you think that kevin is going over my head ?
i do not- oh my god .
that is inappropriate , kevin .
i am your bos , and if you have something to say , it go through me , and then i take it to gabe .
oh , you are sorry ?
what did you just thought ?
well , do not let it happen again .
i- okay , this whole going over my head-gate ?
is making people act weird .
the chain of command is crumbling .
do you know what just happened ?
i just made kevin cry .
and gabe look like lady gaga .
that is not halloween .
halloween should be a day in which we honor monster and not be mad at each other .
you went over my head .
and then you lied to my face .
so my head and my face have taken a beating .
okay , that might help .
if you said `` I am sorry '' in front of everybody .
in front of me .
so that is it .
yeah , i got to get in on this .
hey , it is cool , man , i work in the warehouse !
I am hip and I am jive !
and i do not care about nobody !
do you know who i am ?
happy halloween , jerk !
still do not know who i am ?
I will give you a hint .
i go over other people 's head .
what is a bad idea ?
okay , you know what ?
I am not darryl .
and thank god I am not darryl .
hey , can i play ?
why do not you ask if darryl is a bad friend who backstabs people in the back ?
dwight , you saw darryl move it , right ?
if you had one word you would use to describe darryl what would that word be ?
if they are good idea , I am not going to say no !
that was-okay , you make one mistake in fifteen year and you drag me over the coal , after everything i did for you ?
oh ... well ... stop it !
we are thinking about it .
you do not have to point to the fact that we are thinking about it .
just let u think .
okay , next time you have a really great idea , we will put it in a hat , and then we will have erin pick it out of the hat and let her decide .
i am not budging on the hat issue .
we both reserve the right to go to jo if we disagree with gabe .
unless you and i decide we want to talk to jo , then we will give her a call .
sorry i wa a jerk .
that is true , that is true .
i dated her momma , and you know what- um ... kay .
top of the sunday morning to you .
i invited everyone in the office because it is not a day for just jim or pam or the baby or me .
it is about u all .
and i thought we should all celebrate ... my joy .
and our , all of ours joy .
i got an offer that you can not refuse .
but I am the godfather .
are you talking to me ?
before i shoot you in the head .
I am not the godfather .
so who is the godfather ?
old friend , like , you have known him since kindergarten ?
no , i have plenty of friend , so ... all right , well , you have great seat .
i do not even know how to say this , but cece is turning out to be a little b-i-t-c-h. and that is not true , but her parent are kind of boxing me out .
jim and pam and cece really seem to be clicking .
they are totally gelling .
it is a if they leave my office and they go to another office that sell happiness .
and good for them .
that is great , because , you know , the paper industry 's not going to last forever .
i am feeling this .
call it the holy spirit or the passion of the christ .
i am loving these people .
oh , after you .
no , i insist .
you know what , guy , let u just enjoy lunch .
are you kidding me ?
we need to do stuff together outside of work .
let u go help africa .
let u go build an airport .
we will start small .
we will have a car wash. we will send some cheerleader to regionals .
yeah , well , that is just a pick-up scene .
okay , we do not have to volunteer .
but i think we should hang out more together .
look at these people .
these are church-going people .
and they know how to party .
well , it is , it is- no .
okay , you know what ?
what is wrong with you guy ?
what is wrong with you ?
what is so horrible about wanting to get together and do something nice ?
why did you guy even come today ?
what is so great about your life that you think you are better than everybody else ?
that you can make fun of everybody else ?
you are mean girl .
like the movie , mean girl .
and kevin and stanley , if you do not stop worrying so much about what you are going to put in your gullet , you are going to die in about a month .
good luck to you .
we are proud of you .
is this the bus to mexico ?
I will take a shirt .
if you will have me , yes .
no , I am not .
I am staying on the bus .
I am already on the bus .
it is not irresponsible !
i have never been more confident about a decision in my life .
you know what , my job will be here when i get back .
tell them that i died , and i turned into an angel , and when they feel a breeze in a room with all the window closed or that-that chill on the back of their neck , that is just me watching over them .
tell them that I am in a meeting .
no , you may not .
see you in a few month .
that is not going to happen .
well , you know what , everybody think that i am crazy , and that tell me that i am the sanest person i know .
so ... how long till we get to mexico ?
what are we building down there again ?
like , a hospital ?
a school for mexican ?
why are not they building it themselves ?
do we know how ?
i do not know how .
oh , i feel like there were so many more people on this bus .
there were , like , 200 , 300 people before .
what are you doing ?
oh , god , what is happening ?
oh , god , you know what ?
I am going to be in mexico for my half-birthday .
and cinco de mayo .
you know how these thing go .
construction project , they say three month , and then , after two year , the lazy bum have not even started .
now we are those lazy bum .
i got to get off this bus .
can you fake a seizure or a heart attack or something ?
okay , driver , driver , if you are not going to stop this bus , then I am going to stop it for you .
yeah , just get him to stop the bus , please .
stop the bus , okay ?
i did not sign up for this .
you guy are young , that is great .
you want to give back to society .
I have done that .
i need to take .
we could go back and forth all day .
it is not going to solve anything .
do you want that for little jessica ?
no , you do not .
and the answer is clear .
okay , well , a pleasure .
go save the world .
we will keep an eye on america for you .
is anyone still at the church ?
it is so nice to be back in a country that ha movie .
they have him surrounded .
it is the swat .
the swat 's arriving .
ok , that is our street !
that is our street !
he is going down our street !
he went right by !
grandpa , where were you the day the the scranton strangler wa caught ?
well kiddo , i wa there .
i wa there ... and I will tell you what .
you go sell these and buy yourself a nice spaceship .
what is glee , some television program ?
jim i need that thing stat !
i do not have time for party i do not have time for tv show .
what time is that thing i have to do ?
are you still here ?
mmm mmm mm mm mm !
did you hear what i said ?
I am a very busy man .
i do not have time for your tv show .
I am kidding around !
I am not actually angry .
I am not busy at all , I am not doing anything .
and i know what glee is , I am a total gleek .
you know who my favorite character is ?
i am coming to your party .
yes , i am .
no gabe is ... gabe is not the bos .
why did you just say he wa the bos ?
do you consider gabe to be the bos ?
uh huh ... big ... all right !
gabe like to entertain a lot , ad he cook in an oven , and all that jazz .
i just have a different life style .
they have these bag of vegetable that steam right inside their own bag .
so I will get a few ingredient , sit down in front of the tv , a bag of vegetable , before you know it I am ready for bed !
try and destroy the old way , gabe , well i will not let you .
we can not start without michael !
oh here he is !
yayyy , and let the show begin !
actually i think it is not loud enough .
turn it up to elevaan !
well some of u are trying to have a ... well i will turn up the volume .
okay ... heeeere 's what we are going to do !
right down the hall is a bed room .
all the real glee fan are going to go down the hall to the real glee party in the bedroom , follow me !
where we can crank it !
pam i have a loaded gun in my desk at work .
if i ever start acting like that weenie gabe i want you to take that gun , and i want you to shoot me like a hundred time in the groin until I am dead .
better men than gabe have tried to be my bos .
ed truck , who i liked , got decapitated .
yeah , well i wa not very hard to find .
is this the same dough you used for the pizza crust ?
so these are pizza dog , they are not pig in a blanket per se .
well ... he is the longest baby in this room .
you know what erin you do have to .
that is what she said .
i just went out for a walk .
what doe that mean ?
are you kidding me ?
now that is going on ?
boy i wish i could see that .
i have an idea .
i do not know if it is going to work , but let me give it this .
okay , I am going to give it shot .
no i wa just check- yeah .
yes i did , yeah yeah .
what is there to like ?
he is just , he is a weird little skeevy guy with no waist , why do you care whether we like him or not ?
I am not your father .
go to your room .
go to your room young lady !
you listen to me .
you are are < i > not < /i > , to see that boy , anymore .
a long a you are living under this roof you are going to do what i say .
oh do not raise your voice to me !
gahh , i will pull this car over !
if you break that girl 's heart , i will kill you .
it is just a figure of speech .
but seriously , if you break that girl 's heart i will literally kill you and your entire family .
gabe , just go and have fun with erin .
but not too much fun !
that girl 's going to turn my hair gray .
space heater and fan were both on high , plugged into the same outlet .
uh ... try `` password '' .
uh ... it wa like eight year ago ?
okay , moving backwards , our i.t .
guy have been ... glass , turban , ear hair , fatty 3 , short , fatty 2 , lozenge , and fatso .
i think lozenge wa the one who installed it .
it made me laugh when i heard it , but pam got really offended .
the important thing is ... this kept u secure people .
i sent you a facebook message yesterday , i still have not heard anything back .
i think an investor 's ski trip is the best idea .
it will be a bonding experience .
i wa looking at a trail map , and i wa thinking that we should start on a bunny hill , because I have never actually been skiing .
and then work our way up to death drop .
do not you work here full-time ?
that doe sound fun to me .
excuse me , everyone ... sex !
now that i have your attention ... money !
that is good to know .
all right , I have warmed them up for you .
you have the floor , ryan .
we already have a buyer .
wait , ryan , so this could be over by the weekend ?
no , not this weekend ; next weekend .
we were going to go on the investor ski trip .
triple your investment by january .
do not talk like that , stanley .
`` it is ryan the wuphf guy ! '' `` he is up there . '' look at that !
he threw them on the ground !
no , it is not weird , andy , and you know what else ?
we have an offer from washington university .
i will not sell .
and you know what ?
ryan and i have the majority of share .
is not that right ?
we are not selling .
i will not sell .
can not talk , saving the planet .
well , why have i been separating the trash into white and color ?
no , i will not even consider it .
right , yes , yeah .
i think you are wrong .
you may be right .
i may be crazy .
I am just saying that i think i agree with your point .
i thought it might make me feel better .
but it just may be a lunatic ... no .
good , good , bro .
always have your back .
so , any idea on how we can get over this nine-day hump here ?
nine day , though .
that is , like ... yes , you have tapped this .
maybe i could take a second mortgage on my condo .
so you would think that is a good idea for me to do ?
yeah , well , we never even have dinner now , so ... tonight ?
what am i saying ?
i. do not agree to sell , which is to say nay .
I am not blind !
i know exactly who he is .
he is selfish and lazy and image-obsessed , and he is a bad friend .
and he is also clever .
and he shoot incredibly high .
and he may just make it .
but you know what ?
even if he doe not , i would rather go broke betting on my people , than get rich all by myself , on some island like a castaway .
and there is no middle ground .
only if he fails .
and you know what ?
ryan , i believe in you .
just like i believe in all of you .
you have nine day to save everybody 's money .
you can not have it .
the world sends people your way ... ryan came to me through a temp agency .
andy wa transferred here .
no idea where creed came from .
the point is you just have to play with the card that you are dealt .
jim , that guy is an ace .
dwight is my king up my sleeve .
phyllis is my old maid .
oscar is my queen .
give me a hard one .
that is what oscar said .
toby is the instruction card you throw away .
pam 's a solid seven .
and yeah , you know what ?
ryan is probably , like , a two .
but sometimes two can be wild .
and i am obviously the joker .
so ... that is uh ... thank god .
everything here wa made in china , pam .
they used to make stuff in america , andy .
but we are falling behind , did you know that ?
china is a sleeping dragon that is just beginning to stir .
yeah , right here .
it is right there .
anybody read the news any more ?
i found that in the waiting room at the dentist 's office .
this kid had the magazine i wanted to read , that is the only one i could reach and i read it and then i read it again .
my whole life i believed that america wa number one , that wa the saying .
not america is number two .
england is number two .
china should be like eight .
so much for keeping our secret up high .
i know what we are going to do .
we are going to put our best mind on it .
i want you all to imagine a world in which america is not the number one superpower , where fork are irrelevant , and where every man , woman and child is expected to learn how to play the cello .
now open your eye .
welcome to your future .
how do we stop it ?
with a big idea .
that is what america is built on , big idea .
blue jean , the grand canyon .
whose got one , whose got a big idea ?
once a week antacid is the idea to beat .
okay then we are ... yes .
i do not know .
i do not know what the that wa .
no he is not right .
where would we even drop it , phyllis ?
did you know that in china there are fifty six city with over a million people ?
you know how many we have here ?
that is right now .
in term of land , not population .
no , no you are wrong about this .
i got it from newyorktimes.com so i happen to know more than the smartest guy in the office .
i do not care .
okay , now where were we before i bested oscar ?
absolutely , pam this is exactly why i hired you a office administrator , handle it .
taking care of business .
very comedically humorous jim .
try 'control p ' .
not if the printer is not hooked up .
you are making some very dangerous assumption oscar .
alright , well i just need to learn everything about china .
to be safe i should learn everything about everything but i do not have time .
okay , okay , I will just learn about china and science and geography and math and literary .
I am pretty good on politics .
`` california is bankrupt , and california , california . '' what ?
i could talk about boob .
i bet he know nothing about boob .
wait , wait , wait .
how long is this going to take ?
is it going to be worth it ?
i do not need to cheat .
did you know , that china ha a new missile , that can sink a u naval carrier nine hundred mile off the coast ?
did you also know that china ha secretly been expanding it nuclear arsenal .
but what do i know , i mean , that is just according to the pentagon .
china ha been loaning u billion upon billion of dollar .
we are going to be owing them for the rest of our life .
and they will control u .
how then do you explain that in the past year manufacturing in china ha risen by 17 % and in the u it ha only risen by 8 % ?
do not ... i ... yeah , i figured that .
two men , one white , one latina .
a bos and a money cruncher .
i could fire you .
my point is ... that a long a people like you and me do not stop talking , nobody can stop the usa .
i am talking about freedom , about choice .
america , i do not think you need to worry .
because if you want to beat china you will .
if you do not , that is fine .
that my friend , is your victory .
y'know , a lot of people say if you dig long enough and hard enough you will get to china , and that may be the true , but what they do not tell you is that if you dig long enough and hard enough in a conversation , you get to a friend .
so here is to conversation .
raise your cup on high .
people , wait , wait , wait .
come back , come back .
we are going to do a fun one .
that is a picture !
jump in the air .
we are going to jump in the air .
okay , everybody jump in the air this time , please .
do not answer that .
people , listen up and listen good .
we need to just get one picture where we are all in the air at the same time .
i believe in u .
we can do this .
we did not get it .
oh , ho , ho , ho !
oh , ho , ho , ho , ho , ho !
merry christmas , little child !
how is everybody doing today ?
how is the party coming along ?
are we over budget ?
did anyone get drunk already ?
angela , lay it on me .
what is the problem ?
so stanley , how big is the bug up your butt today ?
well , i will be in my office making toy for the good child .
What are you got ?
well , that is a relief .
santa 's going to take some much-needed free time .
my kid are growin up .
a a bos , i look at that and say great .
it is exactly what a bos would hope would happen because that is what i want .
that is what every bos want is a , is a wonderful christmas with no drama .
uh , because you have been on the lam ?
because the 'boring police ' have been after you , and they finally caught up with you ?
yes , the case of the horrible red-headed sad sack .
and the verdict , it wa toby .
and the sentence , death .
you know what you , you , you leave these huge pause in your sentence .
what do you expect me to do ?
that wa the worst joke ever .
okay goodbye , goodbye .
hold on , holly 's coming back here ?
that is a great question , erin .
how do you describe somebody who is at the same time an old friend , and wa a lover , and wa a complicated part of my past , and maybe , just maybe a part of my future ?
holly 's coming back , everybody , and we have to have a party .
you know what , we will postpone this party until then .
this is too important .
dwight get rid of the tree .
we are canceling it .
no , we have to cancel the party .
no , no , no , we are going to get fresh for holly .
well then everybody 'll chip in , it will be fine .
you know what , I will pay for it .
I will pay for the party .
it doe not matter .
this is way too important .
people , holly 's coming back , and this is the most important christmas party of my life .
so back to work .
man , i worked hard .
i worked so hard for this !
i wa after corporate constantly .
and , know who i end up owing this to is the scranton strangler .
thank you , scranton strangler .
you just took one more person 's breath away .
we have always had good christmas party here , a you know , but they have never been cool .
the name is bond ... santa bond .
I will have an eggnog , shaken , not stirred .
santa ... wonderful tradition .
everybody can not get enough of the jolly old man .
but that is a myth , because you know what , he is not necessarily a big fat guy with a beard .
he is not necessarily an old guy .
no one know what the real santa claus ... god !
well , this year 's going to be different .
we are going to have fun .
it is not going to be tacky .
it is going to be , you know what , the food is going to be austere .
it is not going to be tacky , deli platter food .
it is not going to have a big , fat , gross santa claus .
it is going to be cool , sleek santa .
you never know about the press .
could he help u with some parking ticket ?
well , then he is not a senator .
okay ... oh , no , no , no , no !
pam , no , no .
holly 's coming from new hampshire .
somebody from new hampshire look at that and think it is a burning cross .
i want you to go and get a real tree .
yes , that is me .
there is nothing classier than boring jazz music .
i am here to tell ya .
and i made a bit of a judgment call .
i hired one musician , because i thought , what is better , to hire an entire quartet for half an hour , or one bassist for the entire day ?
when holly get here , i want you to be very helpful to her .
she doe not need an internet presence , you just know .
what the hell are you doing here ?
you are supposed to be in the courthouse .
and then he will come back here and replace holly , so stop asking him question .
erin , would you help her , for god 's sake ?
well , i never thought I would see your face around these part , you old bastard .
why , you are some sorta wise guy , huh ?
nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , nyuk !
oh ... oh no , not the huggy monster !
i do not want to die !
i do not want to die !
i do not want to die !
well , everybody , you remember holly .
well , you came on the day of our christmas party .
is not it wonderful ?
we love it here .
do not you love it ?
all right , let me show you to your desk .
i show you to your desk .
what kind of gun do you have ?
i can not believe you are here .
this feel like you never left .
oh ... oh , and you have a woody .
oh , i love toy ... well , that is understandable .
woody your favorite character ?
you know who my favorite character in toy story is ?
because without andy 's mom , there is no plot .
and without any plot , there is no movie .
you are kidding me .
what a douche bag !
get a ... yeah !
how did aj get in your house ?
oh , you do ?
yeah , randy newman 's the best .
hey there , jada .
nice to see you again .
I am santa claus .
it is a sophisticated take .
yeah , well , i wa told that holly would be here , single and ready to date .
and we all got misled .
nora ephron , in every romantic comedy ever made .
i guess there are just some people who you stay together with when you transfer , and some people you do not .
and that is just the way it is .
and i can be mature about that .
what if meredith wa taking her smoking break below that window ?
you know what would have happened ?
the shard of glass would have shaved her face right off .
and , yes , it might have been funny .
but it also would have been incredibly tragic .
all this arguing reminds me of a very funny story .
you see this on my desk ?
know who gave me this ?
my girlfriend tara , who life in new york city .
i have not told you about her .
I am a man in my mid-40s and i still get zit .
i think that is pretty interesting .
but you know what ?
i am not on trial here .
the scranton strangler is .
so , anyway , we have this great weekend , and she drive me to the airport , and we get to jfk , but i am flying out of laguardia .
so we laugh and laugh and laugh , and then we spend the rest of the day walking around slo-mo , drinking latte .
and at the end of the day , she give me this , and she say , `` michael , maybe next time , you should take a cab . '' i do .
did you see her face ?
well it seems to me that there is a person sitting out there in the annex that still ha feeling for michael g. scott .
and it are not tara .
toby , what did you do ?
i think toby 's very jealous of all the attention you have been getting .
turn it on me .
well , is not that nice ?
thank you very much .
well , the fact that you would think that point to the possibility that it is probably not me .
and that i have been framed .
it wa part of the party .
pretty funny , huh ?
but someday i think we will laugh about this ... when we tell our kid ... all right .
okay , you know what ?
holly , i did not mean to do it .
it wa an accident .
an accident borne of jealous feeling .
you certainly seemed jealous when i told you about my fake girlfriend .
that is what jim and dwight thought .
when you got transferred , and i drove you up to nashua , you said , `` michael , i love you , but i can not do this . '' but then , with this other guy , you do not have any problem with a long-distance relationship , do you ?
and you know what , that is what is the matter with me .
and we did this whole stupid party for you .
erin , would you do me a favor and find my street clothes for me , please ?
hey nice to see you again , aj .
good to see you .
i am dead inside .
oh , hey , hey , no , do not run .
you are going to slip .
i read this story about a woman who slipped on some black ice , and she hit her head and went into a coma forever .
and then every day , her husband went and visited her in the hospital until she died .
yeah , well , at least he wa married .
no , it is not .
oh , man , i can tell you confidently that it is not going to be okay .
i mean , i can wait till then .
i do not want you to fall .
i wa in the mall , and i saw that , and i thought it had your name written all over it .
no , that is not ... no , i went to the mall and i picked that out especially for you .
that ... well , that ... hey .
a hostess apple pie !
this is my favorite breakfast .
how did you know that ?
thank you very much .
oh , you know , i seem to remember that santa promised that he would listen to all the gift you wanted for christmas .
did not he say that ?
i think i know where he is .
you , are you sure you do not want a pony ?
you want a real horse ?
you have to pick up after them .
january three , 2011. a day which will live in-famously .
holly partridge flax , otherwise known a holly , otherwise otherwise known a a living , breathing angel , is engaged to another man .
this is freaking me out .
i- okay , let u switch to the happy video , okay ?
no , no , no , no , let u push through .
we will do this .
today will either be the best or the worst day of my life .
holly gave aj an ultimatum .
he either proposes by new year 's or they break up .
now , if she is engaged , I am going to go crazy , and I am going to start attacking people .
if she is not engaged , in all honesty , i may just burn this whole place to the ground out of happiness .
either way , i am going to need some talking down .
and nobody talk me down like myself in a video talking me down .
michael , i know what you are thinking .
holly 's engaged to another man , and you want to kill yourself .
it may seem like a good idea , but it is not .
okay , so killing yourself .
i wa just thinking about snot .
to soak up my tear .
bear sad , worm happy .
come on , erin .
sad , something to break .
for you , job well done .
i did , indeed .
two front row center , to paula poundstone , live in poughkeepsie .
i hope she doe not call u up on stage .
`` hey , you think you can do my job better ? '' i do not know .
`` what is your name ? '' michael .
so ... high five me .
to a happy ... look at those !
are those a present ?
they are so fuzzy and warm !
let me feel those .
let me feel that .
give me a good firm ... ooh !
that is a good firm handshake .
yes , let u get right into the anderson account , shall we ?
yes , yes , right away .
yes , no , why ?
happy , happy , happy , happy !
I am not listening to music !
oh , that is nice .
oh , somebody is got a new phone !
i still have my old phone .
this thing ... indestructible .
holly doe not seem to be engaged , but she is talking to aj like she is .
i can not figure it out .
do you think she is already dating a different aj ?
when you broke it off with roy , did you still tell him you loved him ?
but you did still love him .
do you love him now ?
she would just resent me .
she would think of me a her friend .
oh , hi friend !
you think she would talk to you ?
she is really nice .
she would talk to anybody .
why do not you bring erin to balance you out ?
that is not a joke .
come-i mean , what is the point ?
what is the point of that ?
i made a resolution to floss , and i did it .
12:01 , january first , bam !
what is wrong with you people ?
can not you stick to anything ?
erin , i want you to go to the kitchen and get me some vegetable .
creed , you say you want to do a cartwheel ?
nothing 's stopping you .
come on , old man , do a cartwheel !
you are just going to somersault around for the rest of your life and you know what is going to be on your tombstone ?
just do a cartwheel !
no cheese whiz , no hollandaise , no chocolate sauce , just eat it .
here come the airplane , there you go .
open , open , into the hanger , there you go .
put it in your mouth , and just eat it .
i do not care whether you hate it !
you said you would do it !
all right , all right , shh !
let me see if you swallowed it , open your mouth .
you guy are pathetic .
you can not have any candy !
not michael , e.t .
well , i just want to talk about what happened in there .
holly , come on in .
i thought there should be an hr rep here for this .
so , kevin and creed , thing got a little bit intense in the conference room .
and i wanted to apologize .
these resolution should be about you , and i made it about me , and it wa none of my beeswax .
it wa insensitive and i am sorry .
i really wanted you to follow through on your resolution .
the cartwheel , the veggie ... i ... care about you .
and you loom so large in my heart that i crossed the line .
and i hope that we can still be friend .
you can toss them .
i never want to make holly cry again .
unless it is from laughing too hard .
or making love too beautifully .
look at where you are going to be doing the cartwheel .
so look at where you are going to be placing your hand .
so pick a spot .
you ready to do this ?
I am going to stay here a long a it take .
it is about you .
it is about you .
well , all right .
oh , sorry , mate .
oh no no , I am not picking on you at all .
you are english , correct ?
I am working on an english character .
would you mind gi ... it is called reginald pooftah .
no , no , no .
and people do not understand that is ha nothing to do with making fun of a different nationality .
pleasure to meet you .
no , not right now .
what a nice guy .
hello , i am here for the small business seminar .
my name is mikanos .
i am the plant .
every great seminar ha one .
my job is to make the speaker look good , and i do this through the technique of leading question and laughing at all joke .
and the character `` mikanos '' , is just a little added flava .
`` mikanos '' is loosely based on another character i do , `` spiros '' , who is more about the lady .
you know what might be kind of fun ?
i wa thinking , you know andy is having a seminar today ?
what if we went in a a greek couple ?
mikanos and ... okay .
holly broke up with a.j last week , which is the greatest thing that ha ever happened ... to me .
to holly , it is been the worst week of her life , and i know for a fact that there wa a week for her in high school when she got mono and her first period ever .
that is what i thought .
but , you know what ?
here i am using it .
if-a you change-a you mind , why do not you talk to mikanos ?
you are the fifth person to tell me that today .
okay , yeah , like a character history .
tom hank doe that .
i like the musical `` grease '' , or a we call it , `` home '' .
she will have a greekaccino .
it ... i can not believe-ee .
it is a miracle .
no more brain damage !
dah , dah , dah , dah , dah .
you know , i like you .
I am going to give you my secret gyro recipe .
come out here since it is a secret , and I will tell you .
all , you have to close right now .
no , you are not .
you are getting past it .
you have to close .
you can do it .
andy , what is the problem ?
you , kelly and creed , kevin , they believe in you .
do not let them down .
do not let yourself down , andy .
I am going to go back in .
I am going to stall them for a little bit .
i want you to get your head together , and then come back in .
i want you to close .
what is taking that guy so long ?
no , no , no .
almost a good a the first day when we first met .
you are the love of my life .
come to me , necropolis .
put your lip on my lip .
it is time for grape .
how long do we have to wait ?
you broke up with aj week ago .
i do not understand .
i really do not .
i mean , we know we are going to start dating .
why doe the sun rise in the morning ?
why do magnet stick together ?
because everybody say so .
yeah , i understand .
i just do not agree .
i have my own opinion and my opinion is to disagree with you .
i want to get back .
my feeling do not matter to you .
what matter to you is your precious speed limit .
no I am not .
I am not in a bad mood .
I am not , jim .
ok fine , ignore me .
have it your way .
let u just talk about you , a always .
is sex different after the baby , jim ?
i need to pee .
yeah , i do .
my word against yours .
what part of `` i need to pee '' do you not understand ?
my bladder is full .
there is no telling what i might do right now all over the inside of your precious little car .
well i hope i make it .
i know , i know you have a phone policy .
but this is an emergency because my friend is not here and i am worried that he ha been abducted .
there is no way he ditched me .
there is no way that happened .
he is my ... ok. may i please just use your phone ?
ok. i will make it quick .
i will make it very quick .
and you do not have my number on speed dial .
ah , ok. what is it ?
you know what , i can dial 411 , get jim 's number .
actually this is good .
i am going to take this opportunity to go walk-about .
nope , get away .
no , that is enough .
ok. hey you guy .
do not get hung up on just one girl because there are a whole lot of other girl out there .
you guy are so beautiful .
you are so colorful .
i wish i could understand you .
that is a metaphor i guess .
you will never find love .
do you think she need more time or is it never going to happen ?
I am being serious .
i would like a hot dog please .
now , i do not have any money so here is what i would like to do .
i leave you here with my watch , and i come back later to pay for the hot dog .
well i understand that but this is a $ 45 watch .
with that i can buy ... half the menu .
what do you do with the hog dog that you do not sell ?
well , okay , instead of throwing them all away later , why do not you just throw one away now into my mouth ?
you have just lost my business .
thank you so much .
i think i left my wallet in my car .
do you mind if i run out and get it ?
I will be right back .
i do not have my wallet and i wa going to try to dine and dash and that wa stupid and i realize i can not do that to you fine people .
well i can , but i will have to come back later tonight and pay you .
but the point is i did the right thing .
well the number three is not such a giant feast .
i just have had a bad day .
and i ... okay .
I will be back later with the money .
I am just going to leave right now .
well , i think i can get through the door .
how did you know i wa up here ?
i got turned around .
i thought i could see dunder mifflin .
i just miss you so much .
can i kiss you ?
I will be in my office if you need me .
all right , bye .
i do not want you to go .
oh do not go .
holly and i are dating .
it is been a week , and i still can not believe it .
it go to show that everything you want in life , you get .
and you can not work for it .
it just come to you .
are these number correct ?
are you ... are you sick , oscar ?
do you need to go home ?
because you are grossing me out .
okay , just close your eye .
michael scott , dunder mifflin .
what is the purpose of this meeting ?
it is quite apro-propriate .
what , are you talking about me and holly ?
whispering and tickling have their place in business .
i ... okay , yeah , that is pretty hot .
i will give you that .
look , you are all hypocrite .
you all do it .
but here is what we are going to do .
we are going to designate one of our closet a a hook-up zone .
okay , then we have two closet .
no , no , we are going to have three closet , one for each base , no homer .
no , no , it is great .
i love working at dunder mifflin , a division of taliban enterprise .
ah , the old `` leave behind . '' oldest trick in the book .
good thing it is working .
since when is comfort the most important thing ?
i mean , i do not ... i do not sit on your lap because it is comfortable .
i sit on your lap because i like the way your thigh feel on my butt .
well , if it make you uncomfortable , then we will stop .
holly and i are like romeo and juliet .
and this office is like the dragon that kept them apart .
hey , you know why people here are complaining ?
they are jealous of two people in love on valentine 's day .
i love you-love you .
i am really disappointed in the office 's policy on pda at this moment .
just the hottest girl in the world love me .
no , we can not .
ah , I am trying not to touch you .
oh , no , so close .
no , we can not do that .
we can not do this .
i do not know what your body feel like because i can not touch it .
i will grab you here anyway .
i did say i would , but i wa wrong .
i can not stop .
you do not what it is like to love a woman and have her love you back .
it is a feeling that can not and will not , and frankly , can not be contained .
yes , it wa that .
it is that one .
we are not supposed to pda .
i have not thought about you having to go back to nashua .
that is what we said last time .
we broke up on the drive .
how is this going to be any different ?
i wa in love with you .
it is like a time bomb ... ... is ticking down .
when it go off , no more kissing .
boner bomb starring jason statham .
or we go against type with an eisenberg or a michael cera .
saving the world ha never been this hard .
no , i can not talk to her .
i can not even look at her without thinking about it ending .
do the monkey face .
i love that face .
do not do the squirrel .
he is throwing it .
holly , i love you so , so , so much .
and i think we need to break up .
actually , it is valentine 's day .
should not be doing this today .
I will talk to you tomorrow .
you are going to go back to nashua eventually , and i can not handle it .
so let u just ... let u ... who ?
lady and gentleman , i have an announcement to make .
a of today , officially , holly and i are moving into together .
oscar , this must be tough for you , watching this go down .
you could not stand in the way of true love , my friend !
well , the point is , there will no longer be any need for pda here at the office between u because , when we get home , we are going to make love to and with one another , and that , to me , is the best valentine 's day present that a person could receive .
so i bid you all adieu .
what are our plan for tonight ?
umm ... leave it at reception .
clean up on aisle five .
< /i > after three year of writing , one year of shooting , four year of re-shooting and two year of editing , i have finally completed my movie , threat level : midnight .
erin ... what are you doing ?
that is ... that is .
well , do not put word in my mouth .
sweet , i will go invite holly .
it is got action , it is got heart , it is got some bosom .
it is got a lot of me .
lady and gentleman , threat level : midnight .
dwight doe not play a robot .
tell him I am retired .
goldenface , this make it personal .
< /i > head i do it , tail i do not .
best out of seven .
... head ... tail ... head ... tail .
well , it look like there is going to be a clean-up on aisle five. < /i > I am not here to learn how to mop , I am here to learn how to play hockey .
what am i supposed to do with this ?
nice try goldenface , but you forgot one thing , to kill me .
< /i > i am sorry that i have to do this ... I am so sorry .
I am so sorry. < /i > not who , what .
the funky cat is the hippest jazz club in town .
jack blaise. < /i > by far and away , the most expensive shot in the movie .
but , it wa integral to the story .
the joke 's on you goldenface , that man wa a wanted animal rapist .
he said , where is the bomb ?
why are you telling me this ?
that wa not scripted .
it will take a lot more than a bullet to the brain , lung , heart , back , and ball to kill michael scarn .
for the insurance money !
i knew it all along !
you will never get away with this !
< /i > i got problem billy .
big problem ... do not ever change billy .
goldenface is going to blow up the nhl all star game tomorrow .
no billy , i have not done that dance since my wife died .
well my name 's michael scarn and I am here to say , I am about to do the scarn in a major way .
you jump to the right and you shake a hand and you jump to the left and you shake that hand .
you meet new friend , and tie that yarn , and that is how you do the scarn !
you jump to the right and you shake a hand and you jump to the left and you shake that hand .
you meet new friend , and tie that yarn , and that is how you do the scarn !
you jump to the right and you shake a hand and you jump to the left and you shake that hand .
you meet new friend , and tie that yarn , and that is how you do the scarn !
well that is a ... pretty good reaction .
pretty cool , right ?
did you like it ?
did you like that ?
no , it is not good enough .
it is not good enough ... hey .
everybody out there say it is great !
what did you love about it ?
holly , this is not ocean 's eleven , where you get together with all your friend and just have fun and do not care about how it turn out .
what did you really think , honestly .
is it , is it because you are afraid of where this is going to take me ?
see , because i need you ... to keep me grounded .
it wa eleven year , okay ?
this ha been my dream for eleven year , and if you do not think it is great than you are basically saying that you do not believe in my dream .
i talk about a lot of thing , holly !
i wa eventually going to get around to my dream !
eleven year i could have been working on the scarn nebulus .
because , if i do not have this , what do i have ?
i have my book on business , somehow i manage .
i have my hbo comedy special , here i go again dot-dot-dot .
but you know what ?
when i think about it , when i really think about it , none of those thing are a real to me a my movie .
yeah , you are a real pain in the as .
and I am going to go watch the movie with people who think it is great !
and I am sorry i called you a pain in the as , I am angry , and i love you .
i am a huge woody allen fan .
although I have only seen antz , but I will tell you something .
what i respect about that man , is that when he wa going through all that stuff that came out in the press , about how antz wa just a rip-off of a bug 's life , he stayed true to his film .
or at least the film that i saw which again wa antz .
the thing is ... i thought bug 's life wa better , much better .
the point is , do not listen to your critic , listen to your fan .
who like threat level : midnight ?
okay then who want to watch the rest ? !
i know , it is a good thing my trainer and mentor is here to cheer me on !
this one 's for you cherokee jack .
< /i > we filmed this during an actual scranton high school hockey game , trying to qualify for state .
actually it is really screwed up because they , they were trying to qualify , they were disqualified , they had to forfeit the game .
that is why there were so many people there .
hey ... no it is not .
but , they really seem to be enjoying it .
oh yeah , i guess i did let him be a robot .
ugh ... I am in. < /i > oh yeah !
no , no dwight .
he is just being stupid .
still not seeing the problem here .
it wa the best of time , it wa the awesomest of time .
and now packer want to come home .
and ohh , look who is here to sign off on it !
my boo , holly .
this 'll be just u .
oh , yes yes yes yes .
just so you know , he is at his funniest when you have given him five shot .
and it also help if you have had five shot .
do not know , do not care .
the pack is back !
lady and gentleman , i would like to introduce you to a man who need no introduction , probably because most of you have done it with him .
just kidding he would not be interested in any of you .
in all seriousness , todd packer , is a permanent salesman at this branch .
and i would like to invite you to welcome him with open arm .
you got burned , because packer 's back !
packer is turning in his car for a desk .
he is turning in his condom , for a condominium !
although he is probably going to have to use condom from here on out .
special delivery for dwight k. schrute .
and i do not have anything for you .
but i do want to talk to you about something .
we have been thinking about where packer should sit ... and we can not just sit around and wait for creed to die .
so you would not mind permanently relocating , so that packer can take this desk here .
let u look at this .
do not be a baby !
packer wa here and so wa your mom !
[ todd start humping dwight and michael who are still under the desk .
question , should i get stripe shaved on the side of my head ?
yeah , you love him right ?
not me , him .
look , are you jealous of him ?
because you think he is funnier than you ?
oh honey ... he is funnier than me .
so I am le funny than not funny at all ?
uhm ... that is insane !
and you made hank smile , that doe not happen often .
you are very charming .
that is something you should take upstairs , and use on people that really matter .
i do not know , holly mentioned that there were some complaint .
and that you had said some thing about kevin .
i guess you said something weird about your daughter ?
you have been on the road a long time .
and you have been an outdoor cat .
and now you have to be an indoor cat , so you can not be peeing all over the wall .
no it is not .
yeah , a little bit .
okay , every body .
i need you to see this .
because maybe there is somebody here that you all underestimated , who will surprise you .
todd packer , is going to apologize .
front and center , come here .
kevin , we know that you are just trying to save face , we know that you are hurt and embarrassed .
okay , sweetie , no .
you should not be apologizing to packer .
that doe not make any sense .
you ready for this ?
you ready for this ?
gentleman , start your engine .
kevin , do you accept the apology ?
okay , go back to the annex .
that-that wa maybe too much .
packer is a survivor of divorce stanley .
packer doe not speak with his child , meredith .
packer never lived up to his parent 's expectation , andy .
angela love pussy cat , and packer loves- i wa going to say dog !
okay , you know what , this is over !
apology ha been issued !
and we are through with it .
packer will be here until the day he dy , just like the rest of u !
what are you doing ?
i can not believe this , you are sending packer to florida ?
okay , so you are tricking him into flying to florida ?
you have to tell him .
you have to tell him what you did .
he is my oldest friend , i am going to tell him .
yes , about that .
well ... i do not know if that is a good idea .
no , nothing like that at all .
it is going to be awesome .
i think you are really going to enjoy it down there .
nah , he is an as .
i uh ... i actually do not know why i brought that because it is kind of priceless .
mhmm , no i paid 500 dollar for that .
that is how you do it .
you know it is really more for a bachelor pad .
i just want to get a fair price .
in case ... in case of what ?
i do not have an in case .
do you have an in case ?
yes , hello mr. flax this is michael scott , your daughter 's bos .
i am calling because i am going to have to fire your daughter holly because she is such a terrible employee .
I am just kidding .
I am actually calling because I am in love with her .
i love your daughter , and i have for some time .
and i would like to discus my intention with you ... which are to ask her to marry me .
and i wa just hoping you would give me your approval .
and this is not a joke .
so call me back , when you get this .
and i look forward to speaking .
oh , you know what , you have a siphon ?
i think I am going to run out of gas .
well , I am writing a message .
I am asking holly a question in fire .
hey you know what ?
I have got gas all over my hand and my shoe .
would you light it ?
would you do the honor please ?
i am not in the mood for riddle pam .
no , this is romantic .
ok. thank you all for coming .
i would like to talk to you all today about ... recycling .
i could not have agreed with you more .
no , no , no , no .
my mind made up i am not going to change my mind you can not talk me out of it .
i had a great idea until you ruined it .
how about this i throw a corpse dressed like me off of the roof , it hit the ground , the head pop off , this lead me to the line ' i lost my head when i fell in love with you . ' it is easy enough to get a corpse , you just go to a med school .
i already have the ring .
here is the ring .
i saved 3 year salary .
is she not going to like that ?
at a gas station ?
that mush have been a surprise when ... at the gas station you proposed .
oh yea you did not say that the weather wa bad that sound perfect .
i want this to be an event that everyone talk about always and forever .
i just ... it is terrifying .
i know but I am still scared i do not know why .
get this ... kevin thought i wa going to sell my bowflex for 200 dollar and i told him 'dude this wa a prop in my movie . ' ok it is because we have not sold anything .
we just wait until the end of the day , people get desperate , and they are going to pay anything .
oh ok. for how long ?
yeah , yeah well you definitely need to do that .
ok. no , no , shhhhut it .
nope , nope , nope .
i am not going to be proposed to in the break room .
that is not going to be our story .
should have burned this place down when i had the chance .
hey , how did we do ?
that is great and we still have most of our stuff .
no , no , no , no , let u not talk about that .
let u go on a little walk .
i want to show you some stuff .
so this is one of my favorite place in the world .
this is where toby announced that he wa going to costa rica .
happiest day of my life .
until the day you came to replace him .
let u go in here .
this is where we first kissed .
and this is where we first made love .
remember what i tried there ?
through these blind is where i first saw you , and you had all these box , and i thought you were the prettiest mover i had ever seen .
and i wa sitting at this desk when i called you to tell you that i had herpes and that i wa still in love with you and you said that it wa over , and that you did not love me .
thank goodness none of that wa true .
right in here ... this is where we first co-ran our meeting .
remember , obesity awareness ?
we saved a lot of life that day .
that is where you first met michael klump .
and right over there is where you found out that meredith wa prostituting herself for outback steak .
and i will never forget that you had the cutest look on your face because you could not believe it , you thought it wa so wrong .
and over here .. well , nothing .
i would just find an excuse to come here so i could stare at you through that window .
this is what I would do .
let u go in here .
this is where our love face it toughest test .
after this , it just smooth sailing for the rest of our life .
that guy 's got more than he can handle a it is .
that marriage would be a sham .
that would be hot .
i would pay to see that .
only one that i wa kind of worried about .
this is where i fell in love with you .
and this is where i ask you to marry me .
it started with .. holly flax , marrying me will you be ?
so guy , guy , guy .
we are moving to colorado .
holly ha to go back to colorado .
I am going with her .
kahlua sombrero , please .
actually , i am meeting somebody , but I am a little bit early .
and to middle , the unsung hero .
do not tell my fiance I am drinking on a wednesday .
I am moving out to the burbs ... actually , I am moving further than the burbs , I am moving to colorado .
do not mess with colorado .
i do not want to end up like sunny bobo .
you know , i would like to try the luge , through .
that is what I have heard .
man , he is late .
I am going to call him .
no , I am here .
I am right ... I am at the bar .
i ... do not see you .
I am been here about ... gosh , over half an hour .
what are you wearing ?
are we both at the right place ?
i hear your voice .
i see your voice in the phone .
wow ... that is insane !
what do you think ?
ok , everyone , a you know , one of my favorite thing is fanfare for it is own sake .
so , without further ado , let u start clapping !
i am well , sir , how are you ?
and we talk for like 20 minute , no clue it is deangelo the whole time !
i happen to like the hilarious hijinx i get myself into .
deangelo , i wa just telling them about last night , when we met .
oh yeah ... i know ... that is what i wa just saying ... that is what ... this is jim and pam , aka jap .
what started a an affair ha blossomed into a family before our eye .
I would come anywhere to see a turtle ?
where did you find him .
you know me very well , dwight .
now I am going to have to go online and look at turtle or I will be off all day .
so you decided to have an orgy and not invite me ?
i call the middle !
i sorta like the old way .
i know , i know , I am sorry , but if it is not a big deal we should just- is that good ?
whatever you think will work .
you can do the old way or whatever you think would work .
this is going to be funny !
look like we are going to be shaving buddy !
and this is erin and she is going to shave my face .
ah , that is nice .
well , we do not really do rap session .
we kind of do ... god ... we sorta do more of like powwow or- that is- you know what , everybody ?
you have to be honest , here .
you can not say that everything is perfect .
so , you know , come up with something .
ok , you know what , i mark it urgent a , urgent b , urgent c , urgent d. urgent a is the most important , urgent d you do not even really have to worry about .
do not shave my lip .
you know , this office sort of ha a perfect feng shui to it , so ... you know , let u not go overboard with the re-decorating , and I am still here- i still have to look at this stuff , guy .
i love the guy .
but I am not sure he is a great fit for the office .
and also , I am not sure if i love the guy .
it is the witching hour !
it is the sandwitching hour !
pb and j , my mom 's recipe !
i think kevin want one .
kevin , here you go !
oscar , here you go .
no one had a problem with the air here until you came around .
no , that is good .
you just stay in there , stay in there by yourself , loser .
no body go in .
no body go in there .
stay where you are .
no , it is not insane , oscar .
I am been here for 19 year , and just because someone else is called the bos , you are going to throw it all away ?
well , who need him .
guess it is just you and me , dwight .
i start with some chit-chat and a maybe a couple of joke .
and you might want to develop a couple of character .
you know what , you will be fine .
ok. why did you have to be so damn good ?
no , no , no .
you are good , they know it .
you will figure it out .
it is six a.m. and we are about to go house to house to give everyone their dundie nomination certificate .
just like the oscar !
this happens , you have a lot to learn my friend .
why do you always say that ?
you are going to love it .
alright let u go !
this way , this way !
you and pam have both been nominated for dundie award !
have pam come down .
yeah that is fine .
go go go go go go !
I have never seen this place in the daylight .
here we go , alright got it ?
we should head out .
you have big plan for tonight ?
you are getting so funny !
the dundies are my baby , and they need to go on .
when larry king died they did not just cancel his show .
they got pierce morgan to come in , and do his show , and , that way , larry life on .
anything can happen at the dundies !
they are like the golden globe but le mean .
and i just want all of u to have a good time !
a la , tonight we will be hosting at louie volpies !
they are like breadstick on steroid .
so a you know , the dundies are my legacy .
so I am going to need to train a replacement .
so this year , i have decided to have a co-host .
and that person is deangelo !
think of it a part of your training .
okay , well we will work on it .
you are doing it .
i want you to help u work on some banter .
you and i have a lot in common .
you lost two hundred pound , and i lose my car key every morning .
you know what , i did not actually lose my key ... mmmmkay .
there need to be what you call a rat-a-tat .
and right now it is all rat and no tat .
ryan come on up here .
ryan how are you today ?
use that a an inspiration .
no , no , no !
this is the performance of your life !
jim , please no loophole .
this is my last dundies ever , if i want mind control over him , is that too much to ask ?
now , tell me something terrible that happened in your childhood .
i do not want to hear about it .
let u try this .
i am going to turn this on , and turn the volume all the way up .
so you can not- that is right , you are not going to be able to hear yourself .
read this , and make it sound perfect .
say it with an accent !
in a good way !
I have been here the whole time .
deangelo , what are you doing ?
there is a live audience out there !
no , ryan would never do it .
it is too on the radar .
the bos , host , the dundies !
it is sort of our perk !
listen to me , you are not doing this for me , you are not doing this for you , you are not even doing this for them !
you are doing this for all those kid out there , eating off the louie volpies kid 's menu , wondering : doe it get better ?
what i want you to do , is i want you to say : it is showtime .
you can do it , just say it .
one , two , three .
alright , here we go .
sorry about the delay everybody !
but we were at the dmv waiting in line .
there are a lot of great salesman in this office , but one of our great salesman is also a great dad .
and a close personal friend of mine , jim halpert !
which move u to , best mom dundie .
i guess we all kind of consider her a mom around the office .
year after year , i catch a lot of flak on this particular award , because year after year i present this award to a guy instead of a girl .
hottest in the office go to , danny cordray !
danny could not be here tonight ... stanley hudson is a grump , everybody know that .
but did you know , that stanley hudson is also the face of a debilitating disease known a diabetes .
the diabetes award go to stanley hudson !
come on up here you sick bastard .
you know , herpes affect one in five sexually active adult ?
pippy longstocking , ronald mcdonald 's wife , ron howard , ron weasley , what do thay all have in common ?
erin hannon , come on up here and receive your cutest red head in the office award !
it is difficult to recognize the person who will be replacing you .
but he is a good guy , so the michael scott award for best dundies host go to deangelo vickers .
deangelo is expressing himself .
[ manager pull the microphone cable , everyone can still here deangelo .
okay , we are done !
so that is how it end .
my last dundies ever .
i wa hoping it would be more like godfather three .
that rapped up the whole franchise in an extremely satisfying way .
but instead it is like godfather one !
that wa , very confusing , had maybe three big laugh .
oh well ... what ?
you are being too hard on yourself .
we had a very truncated rehearsal time .
so what you are saying is you kind of like it ?
I have fallen and i can not get up !
that phyllis bit , that wa pretty good .
that got a big laugh .
you were laughing right ?
we are really close .
that is true , we would not get seat together .
you know , despite a couple hiccup , i think that went very well .
maybe you should have won the kind of a bitch award .
what is your problem ? !
that , that is unfair !
the clothing wa safe , but tasteful .
he is in an all-out sprint .
by his own omission , this person actually tried marijuana in college , so the doobie doobie pothead stoner of the year award go to , andy bernard !
oh my god , something is happening .
well this is going to hurt like a mother .
no it is not .
well , I am moving to colorado to start my new life with holly .
just up here , getting used to the altitude .
ahh , thank you .
oh , these do not taste like oyster .
what is wrong with you ?
i do not own dunder mifflin , okay ?
the job wa not mine to give .
look , i need your advice on something .
i am told that there are bear in the rockies .
well , i wa just thinking that maybe i should keep a salami in my pocket ... ... in order to feed the bear .
how do you mean ?
okay , so no salami in the pant .
how about a pepperoni ?
well i have interview .
yes , you know what ?
take my favorite truck .
oh you do not , that is- that sound good .
no , no , no .
i do not leave 'til tomorrow , so ... tomorrow i will be a wreck .
party planning committee together again !
you know what , I am thinking maybe we should get ice cream that everybody 'll like .
let u get vanilla .
tomorrow i want everyone to have a good time .
and a for today , just a typical day .
what do you like pam ?
what kind of topping would you like ?
i bought this for myself .
and yesterday , they gave me this .
i still need something to drink out of though .
attention everyone , before i leave tomorrow i would like to reveal a secret i have kept for over twenty year .
a secret about phyllis .
when phyllis wa in high school , she wa so ... cute .
and she still is .
sound great , i just think it is great .
oh , i have gift a well !
and i will start , by giving the first gift to phyllis !
phyllis , you are shy and sweet , and you do not often speak your mind , but you should .
because you have great idea .
so phyllis , i am giving you this , so you can always remember to speak your mind .
stanley , you love your sudoku and your puzzle , i bestow upon you , my felt .
may you never lose the fun loving quality in life .
well , okay ... and andy , andy who need confidence that he is a great salesman .
i give you , my client , our ten most important account .
but you are the best salesman , on the inside .
you sold u all on andy , a product that nobody wanted .
you are not going to lose them .
just do your best !
i have faith in you .
kevin , i have something for you .
you know who that is ?
do not be a caricature kevin , never be a caricature .
how did that feel when i tore that up ?
good , stand up .
you will be thin .
you will not drool over pizza like an animal anymore .
you will find love .
you should never settle for who you are .
oscar , oscar , oscar !
oscar , you are- okay , you know what ?
just do your best buddy !
okay , oscar , you are very smart , and you have a gigantic education .
and , i think of you a my scarecrow , because you gave me a brain .
so that is why i made you this .
it look like a it look like it wa made by a two year old monkey on a farm !
he just accepted , accepted that i put all this work into it !
he ha the lowest opinion of me , of anybody !
wa it just me , or did you think that we were going to have sex at some point ?
how would you have wanted to do it ?
i am engaged happily , and you have landed yourself a senator .
who is that guy ?
i guess this could be the one , huh ?
my last pay check ?
I am not sure , um , mountainton ?
nah , I am almost done .
i can not do this .
all the channel are going to be different there .
I am not going to be able to find my show .
I am not going to start improv at level one , and i do not think my credit will transfer .
ugh , and you know what ?
i just figured out where i wa supposed to go to vote .
i got to call her , and I am going to tell her , that i can not come .
what is the name of our town ?
i just needed to hear your voice .
ohh , i miss you .
I will see you tonight .
yes , so i know i told everybody that tomorrow is my last day , but I am , I am going to be leaving tonight .
i head to the airport at four .
and i have said goodbye to half of them .
if i just went away right now , would that be the best gift that i could give you ?
she wa once my girl , and she is your girl now .
you are not prone to seizure ?
i would like to give you , the only copy , of somehow i manage .
if there is anyone here who can finish it , it is you .
darryl , i have one last wish .
i would like to use the bailer .
darryl said i could use the bailer because I am leaving .
alright guy , well ... see ya later warehouse .
catch you on the flippity flip .
catch you guys- catch you guy on the filippity flip .
okay , see ya guy !
ahhhh ... maybe neither .
erin , listen to me .
you should not rush into this .
and you know why ?
because you are beautiful .
and you are fun .
and you are smart .
and when the right guy come along , you will know it .
and you know what ?
you do not need a mom .
because you have my number , and you can call me anytime .
phyllis , are my mitten done ?
it is two p.m. from now until four , your priority is knitting .
knit like the wind .
dwight , i will be leaving tomorrow .
so i wanted to give you that .
it is a letter of recommendation .
you should see the other guy .
jim where is pam ?
but it is already three of the clock !
whether you are scared of dying , or dying alone , or dying drunk in a ditch .
it is going to be okay .
yeah i wa tripling up .
there is not enough time in the day to have a special moment with everybody .
and you , why are you still here .
no , you are not going to quit today .
for goodness sake , this is not going to be your last day in the office .
everybody get dumped gabe .
can i give you a piece of advice ?
a little cover-up on your adam 's apple will make it appear smaller , and make you look le like a transvestite .
okay , everybody come on .
conference room five second !
hurry up , let u do this !
what is this meeting about ?
okay , here we are in the conference room .
and i just wanted to call you all here , together , because i have something important .
well there is two thing actually .
okay first , i would like a whereabouts on pam .
and secondly , phyllis how are those mitten coming ?
because i would actually like to bring them home and pack them .
I am leaving for the day at four .
well power through the arthritis phyllis you can do it !
ummm ... hm ... no .
there is a special guest that i would like to invite to say one last goodbye .
so here he come , he is coming right in .
oh hi everybody , it is ping !
and I am here to say goodbye to all you wonderful people !
you have been so wonderful !
i ruv you all !
i ruv you very much !
ohh ... okay ... maybe .
why am i so sad ?
am i doing the wrong thing ?
t-shirt idea , goodbye stink .
you started with this company , a a fine young man ... oh , okay .
that is my cab .
i know , it is okay .
just , give her a hug .
i am looking forward to lunch .
and hearing about what a great bos i am .
no no no , let me see .
oh phyllis , nice try .
so ... holly 's my family now .
she is my family .
the baby that i make with her , will be my child .
the people that you work with , are just ... when you get down to it ... your very best friend .
they say , on your deathbed , you never wish you spent more time at the office .
got to be a lot better than a deathbed .
i actually do not understand deathbed .
i mean , who would buy that ?
well , i guess this is it .
hey will you guy let me know if this ever air ?
this is going to feel so good , getting this thing off my chest .
that is what she said !
that is what she said .
i feel like all my kid grew up and then they married each other .
it is every parent 's dream .
